Hi!

One of my annex repository has a very strange behavior. Every `git annex` command is very slow.

I'm using MacOSX Mavericks, and this repository is a network drive, mounted with Samba. It's using direct mode, and the filesystem is crippled. I use *annex* for storing huge files, for example movies. I moved some files in this directory, and used `git annex add`. It was long (as checksum was performed) and I thought that everything was OK. I tried `git log -p`, it was OK too:

    new file mode 120000
    index 0000000..e58c65a
    --- /dev/null
    +++ b/Movies/movie.mp4
    @@ -0,0 +1 @@
    +../.git/annex/objects/FK/60/SHA256E-s346858581--053dca6a842376ab8022722df306ad5
    \ No newline at end of file

However it was not. I tried to launch `git annex sync another_repo` (with *another_repo* indirect and on a local disk) and it took ages. Even `git annex list` takes ages, **on every repository linked to this one**. With `ps -A`, I found out that the issue was created by `git --git-dir=/Volumes/SAMBA_REMOTE/.git --work-tree=/Volumes/SAMBA_REMOTE -c core.bare=false checkout -q -B annex/direct/master`.

**Have you ever noticed this behavior? Have I done something wrong?**

Here is the output of `git annex version`:

    git-annex version: 5.20131117-gbd514dc
    build flags: Assistant Webapp Pairing Testsuite S3 WebDAV FsEvents XMPP DNS Feeds Quvi TDFA CryptoHash
    key/value backends: SHA256E SHA1E SHA512E SHA224E SHA384E SKEIN256E SKEIN512E SHA256 SHA1 SHA512 SHA224 SHA384 SKEIN256 SKEIN512 WORM URL
    remote types: git gcrypt S3 bup directory rsync web webdav glacier hook
    local repository version: 4
    default repository version: 3
    supported repository versions: 3 5
    upgrade supported from repository versions: 0 1 2 4
