I am trying to set up two repositories, one on my laptop and one on my server, and then have "git annex sync" always push everything on the laptop to the server.

So far, I have created repositories on the laptop and on the server and then added the server as an ssh remote on the laptop. At the root of the repository on the server, I ran "git annex group . backup" and "git annex wanted . standard". At the root of the repository on the laptop, I ran "git annex group . manual" and "git annex wanted . standard". When I run "git annex sync" or "git annex sync --content" on the laptop now, it seems to only copy the symlink information to the server but not the actual data. When I go to the server and run git annex sync, it updates the working tree symlinks but does not have the content data they point to. If I use "git annex copy file --to server" then the symlink created when I ran "git annex sync" on the server points to the correct file. Do I not have the correct content preferences set up? Or do I need to alias "git annex sync --content" to "git annex sync --content && git annex copy . --to server" on the laptop?

I want to be able to drop large amounts of data from the laptop and get it back if needed but always have it available on the server any way without having to push it explicitly. I would think that this would be a fairly common use case. Maybe I have missed something in the documentation? I have not set up the laptop as a remote on the server (I'd prefer not to -- I only plan to push/pull from the laptop, not push/pull from the server).
