I'm trying to set up git-annex on my mac (running macOS Sonoma 14.7). I want it to sync a directory to a linux server so that the linux server always has a full copy of the directory.

The linux server runs Arch Linux. All I did there was installing the git-annex package from the official package repository. (sshd, rsync etc. were already installed)

On the mac I used `brew install git-annex` to install and `brew services start git-annex` to start the service, then issued `git annex webapp` to start the web app for configuration. In the web app I followed the setup wizard to create a local repo and added the linux server as a remote (basically what's shown in the 10 minute assistant intro screencast but I chose group "backup" instead of "transfer" for the remote).

When I now copy files into the repository, they get auto-added to the repository – but not auto-transferred to the remote. For that to happen I have to restart the service (`brew services restart git-annex`) or do a `git annex push` / `git annex sync --content`.

After copying a file to the repo:

```sh
~/annex $ git annex list
here
|linux-server
||web
|||bittorrent
||||
X___ file.ext
```

After restarting etc.:

```sh
~/annex $ git annex list
here
|linux-server
||web
|||bittorrent
||||
XX__ file.ext
```

Is there a way to have added files automatically transferred to the remote?

I also noticed that the web app hangs for 30s every 4-5 clicks. Something seems to be wrong with my setup and configuration. What can it be?

Thanks, this seems to be a really great a versatile tool!

---

Update:

Looks like the git-annex service doesn't really run:

```sh
$ brew services
Name      Status  User     File
git-annex stopped username ~/Library/LaunchAgents/homebrew.mxcl.git-annex.plist
```

Trying to start it yields:

```sh
$ brew services start git-annex
Bootstrap failed: 5: Input/output error
Try re-running the command as root for richer errors.
Error: Failure while executing; `/bin/launchctl bootstrap gui/501 /Users/username/Library/LaunchAgents/homebrew.mxcl.git-annex.plist` exited with 5.
```

Restarting does not show any errors

```sh
$ brew services restart git-annex
Stopping `git-annex`... (might take a while)
==> Successfully stopped `git-annex` (label: homebrew.mxcl.git-annex)
==> Successfully started `git-annex` (label: homebrew.mxcl.git-annex)
```

yet it makes no difference:

```sh
$ brew services
Name      Status  User     File
git-annex stopped username ~/Library/LaunchAgents/homebrew.mxcl.git-annex.plist
```
