I'm trying to follow the directions on [this tips page](https://git-annex.branchable.com/tips/using_Amazon_Glacier/) to easily back up some large home videos to Glacier. I followed the steps and everything worked fine until the `git annex copy`, at which point it claimed it was successful but had uploaded 0 bytes, as well as dumping the usage message for `glacier-cli` at the terminal (without any error):

    Emily $ git annex copy --to glacier README
    copy README (gpg) (checking glacier...) (to glacier...) 
    100%          0.0 B/s 0s
    glacier <command> [args]

        Commands
            vaults    - Operations with vaults
            jobs      - Operations with jobs
            upload    - Upload files to a vault. If the vault doesn't exits, it is
                        created

        Common args:
            --access_key - Your AWS Access Key ID.  If not supplied, boto will
                           use the value of the environment variable
                           AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID
            --secret_key - Your AWS Secret Access Key.  If not supplied, boto
                           will use the value of the environment variable
                           AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY
            --region     - AWS region to use. Possible values: us-east-1, us-west-1,
                           us-west-2, ap-northeast-1, eu-west-1.
                           Default: us-east-1

        Vaults operations:

            List vaults:
                glacier vaults 

        Jobs operations:

            List jobs:
                glacier jobs <vault name>

        Uploading files:

            glacier upload <vault name> <files>

            Examples : 
                glacier upload pics *.jpg
                glacier upload pics a.jpg b.jpg

    ok                      
    (Recording state in git...)

Doing a `glacier vaults` also does not show any new vaults, and getting the usage message is obviously not normal.

I tried doing a manual upload to a vault I already had sitting around from some years ago called `TVault`, and that looked to work fine:

    Emily $ glacier upload TVault README 
    Uploading README to TVault... done. Vault returned ArchiveID [omitted]

(The update date hasn't updated on the management console yet, but I understand that may take up to a day.)

Does anyone know what's going on, or is there at least a way to get a useful error message to output?
