I have some questions about how to best manage content on mobile
devices.  This is probably more of a wishlist discussion, although I
haven't had enough experience with the assistant and preferred content
features enough to know how much of this might already be possible.

(While I did donate to both campaigns, I also didn't donate at the
"personal git-annex assistant" level, so I also know not to expect
personal undivided attention :) . Any tips would be appreciated.)

In short, I don't think git-annex really fits with how I'd like to use
it on my Android phone.  My current setup is as follows:

- I have a large repository with various media files.  This is stored
  on several computers, at least one of which generally has a copy of
  everything.  I use a centralized bare repo to automatically
  synchronize between computers with "`git annex sync origin`" using
  cron, and manually control what is on each one using "`copy --to
  host`", "`get`", "`drop`", etc.  It is *awesome*.

What I would like for Android is:

- The phone keeps in sync with the origin repository.

- On the phone, I'd like to browse through and choose content to get
  or drop.  I could use the command-line "`get`" and "`drop`" for
  this, of course, but being able to do it through the webapp would be
  better, as typing on a phone is no fun.

- From _off_ the phone, I'd like to be able to choose which content
  should be _on_ the phone.  For example, using the command line or
  webapp on my desktop, I'd like to be able to choose media files that
  should be downloaded to (or removed from) the phone.  However, I
  don't want to have to move files between directories in the repository
  to achieve this.

- The only useful content that gets created on the phone is photos and
  videos.  Those should get uploaded to the main server, but only the
  most recent files should remain on the phone by default (say,
  anything older than 2 weeks gets dropped).  Both on the phone, and
  off the phone, I'd be able to override that using the previously
  described features, so that certain photos remain on the phone
  forever, or get dropped earlier.

Thoughts?  I feel like git-annex is close to being able to do this.

-jim
