Hi,

I'm trying to get my head around groups, wanted, etc. for a particular use case.

**Problem:** I can't work out how to get a source(?) repository to automatically drop files when they hit a transfer repository.


I have a machine (`Machine 1`) that is used for data acquisition but it is behind a strict firewall (both physical and virtual).  I usually physically carry a USB drive over, set up a rsync ssh -> local-USB-drive from the one machine (`Machine 2`) that is able to connect over the network to `Machine 1`.  As it is a pain to lug the drive over, I only do this rsync maybe weekly, so the rsync takes many hours (~24) to complete.  Then (when I remember) I visit and I carry the USB drive back...  Naturally, this slows down my work process.

What I was hoping to do was set up git-annex with the assistant to help me.  I am able to run the assistant, but not the webapp on `Machines 1 and 2`.  :-(

My thought was - as these have to be disconnected network transfers...

- `Repository 1 -> Repository 2` (when space permits)
- `Repository 2 -> Repository 3` (when space permits) `-> Repository 4` (USB drive(s))


Another limitation is that `Repos/Machines 2 & 3` have limited storage space.


As a test case I can set up (`Repo1 -> Repo2`) and (`Repo2 -> Repo3`) (on other machines, but the commands should be the same...)

After reading a bit I made a changed [preferred content](/preferred_content/standard_groups/) for a transfer repo to:

```
not (inallgroup=client and copies=client:1) and ($client)
```

i.e. `copies` from `2` to `1`.
 
---


Finally...The question
----------------------

**BUT** I can't work out how to get `Repo1` (the source) to automatically drop the files when they hit `Repo2` (what I'm guessing should be a transfer repository).

Can anyone suggest how to automagically do this with the assistant?


---


If it would help I can share the git-annex commands I've been using, but as I'm only doing testing up at the moment, I'm happy to start from scratch if there is a RTFM page out there.  :-)


I've put some details about my thoughts on the repositories and restrictions below.



Repository 1
------------
- Type: source (Data collection)
- Human readable directory structure
- Physically: Machine 1
- Strict firewall only incoming network connections from Machine 2
- Storage: 50Gb


Repository 2
------------
- Type: transfer
- Physically: Machine 2
- Reasonably relaxed firewall, can talk to Repository 3
- Limited storage: 10Gb


Repository 3
------------
- Type: transfer
- Pysically: Machine 3
- Reasonably relaxed firewall, can talk to Repository 2
- Limited storage: 10Gb
- Connected to USB drive(s)


Repository 4, 5, ...
--------------------
- Type: ? Client ?
- Human readable directory structure
- Physically: USB drive
- Usually (but not always) connected to machine 3
- Large storage (2Tb) + Additional drives
