For git-annex version 6 with 'thin'. [I want 1) not store date twice 2) to be able to have self-sufficient repository at different machines (i.e. not special remotes, which don't contain the git tree)].

Say I've two machines A and B and the server S. 

I setup a local repository on A:

    git init
    git-annex init $HOSTNAME --version=6
    git config annex.thin true
    git add .

on S:

    mkdir test
    cd test
    git init
    git-annex init $HOSTNAME --version=6
    git config annex.thin true

on A:

    git remote add S:~/test.git
    git-annex sync --content

on B:

    git clone S:~/test.git
    cd test
    git-annex init $HOSTNAME --version=6
    git config annex.thin true
    git-annex sync

(the reply)

    ...
    merge: refs/remotes/origin/master - not something we can merge

    failed
    push origin 
    Counting objects: 6, done.
    Delta compression using up to 4 threads.
    Compressing objects: 100% (5/5), done.
    Writing objects: 100% (6/6), 714 bytes | 0 bytes/s, done.
    Total 6 (delta 1), reused 1 (delta 0)
    remote: git-annex: unknown command post-receive
    ...

and the file contains only '/annex/objects/SHA256E-s0--e3b0c44298fc1c149afbf4c8996fb92427ae41e4649b934ca495991b7852b855'.

Another time with another repo which I tried to sync from S at B, I got

    $ git-annex sync --content
    Initial commit

    Untracked files: 
(all my files untracked)

    merge: refs/remotes/origin/master - not something we can merge

    error: Untracked working tree file 'applications/algorithms/file.pdf' would be overwritten by merge.
    fatal: read-tree failed
    failed
    git-annex: sync: 1 failed

On walkthrough it's written how to sync with USB. How should one initialize remote repositories and use them e.g. as central repositories (though they should work probably not depending on 'central' or not they are)? 

I've read a lot of manuals on git-annex and the forum; the questions here remain unanswered: 

<http://git-annex.branchable.com/forum/git-annex_SSH_server_+_cloud_remote/>

<http://git-annex.branchable.com/forum/Synchronize_two_latops_with_a_ssh_remote/>

I hope this is a basic and popular usage of git-annex and that one can write a howto for that or at least answer this question.
