So i wanted to try local pairing for a while, but since i wanted to sync between local host and a remote server (which is heavily secured, firewall, block port except one available for ssh etc).
Although, i could have used the ssh remote, but i couldn't found a flag to specify a private key file (might need to search more), since i'm using a separate private key + password to ssh into the remote server.

Anyway, tor installed fine on both host and server, but even though tor was working fine by itself (tried it using sock5 and curl to test), git-annex couldn't initialize it, and was stuck on `Unable to connect to hidden service. It may not yet have propigated to the Tor network. (SocksErrorHostUnreachable) Will retry..` when using `git annex enable-tor` 
I tried it on the assistant too with the same error in the logs.

I'm using default setting on the torrc, I'm on ubuntu 19.04 x86_64 using 7.20190129 version of git-annex.

P.S:I used this one liner to test if tor was working ` curl --socks5 localhost:9050 --socks5-hostname localhost:9050 -s https://check.torproject.org/ | cat | grep -m 1 Congratulations | xargs`, not sure if there better way/other to test it.

EDIT: I updated the git-annex version on both the host and server, as i only now noticed they were old (and also since i tried a lot of other things and that was the last thing that could work).
Using 7.20190819+git2-g908476a9b-1~ndall+1 from neuron's repo.
Still not working and now stuck at `git-annex: tor failed to create hidden service, perhaps the tor service is not running` when doing `sudo git-annex enable-tor $(id -u)`
(and yes, the tor service is indeed running, which make that weird)
Obvious, but i also made sure to restart both tor and git-annex before and after upgrading in my consecutive attempts.
