I'm trying to follow the steps of the "walkthrough" but I'm experiencing the following issue: when
I sync one repository and do "git annex get ." I don't get the files from the other repository.
Here is the transcript of the steps I followed - I've put them in a script (ga.sh) so I can replay
them and show them on the shell while executing.
Basically I have two repositories, "/tmp/a/annex" and "/tmp/b/annex", the second cloned from
the first. All the other steps are the same as in the walkthrough.
-----------------------------------
> bash -x ga.sh 
+ cd /tmp
+ mkdir a
+ mkdir b
+ cd a
+ mkdir annex
+ cd annex
+ git init
Initialized empty Git repository in /tmp/a/annex/.git/
+ git annex init a
init a ok
(Recording state in git...)
+ cd /tmp/b
+ git clone /tmp/a/annex
Cloning into 'annex'...
done.
warning: remote HEAD refers to nonexistent ref, unable to checkout.

+ cd annex
+ git annex init b
init b ok
(Recording state in git...)
+ git remote add a /tmp/a/annex
+ cd /tmp/a/annex
+ git remote add b /tmp/b/annex
+ dd if=/dev/urandom of=first bs=1024 count=1
1+0 records in
1+0 records out
1024 bytes (1.0 kB) copied, 9.9167e-05 s, 10.3 MB/s
+ dd if=/dev/urandom of=second bs=1024 count=1
1+0 records in
1+0 records out
1024 bytes (1.0 kB) copied, 0.000241635 s, 4.2 MB/s
+ git annex add .
add first (checksum...) ok
add second (checksum...) ok
(Recording state in git...)
+ git commit -am added
[master (root-commit) 5078564] added
 2 files changed, 2 insertions(+)
 create mode 120000 first
 create mode 120000 second
+ git mv first e
+ mkdir x
+ git mv second x
+ git commit -m moved
fix x/second ok
(Recording state in git...)
[master 422492d] moved
 3 files changed, 1 insertion(+), 1 deletion(-)
 rename first => e (100%)
 delete mode 120000 second
 create mode 120000 x/second
+ cd /tmp/b/annex
+ git annex sync a
(merging origin/git-annex into git-annex...)
(Recording state in git...)
commit  
ok
git-annex: no branch is checked out
+ git annex get .
-------------------

The last "git annex get ." does not retrieve the files in /tmp/a/annex ... why?
I guess the issue starts when cloning /tmp/a/annex where no commit was done.

Emanuele

PS: I'm using git v1.7.9.5 (ubuntu 12.04) and the latest git-annex static binary
downloaded a few minutes ago from the git-annex website.

