Hi,

Whenever I do a git annex vicfg (as pasted below) the long gone repo 40da403e-6f74-4705-aae0-433aa656b55e keeps automatically being added back into the configuration.  Worse in the webapp this manifests itself as a repository list item that's empty of text (and when buttons are clicked there's a complaint about missing UUIDs).

In addition to removing the lines via git-annex vicfg, I've switched my repository into indirect mode, manually checked out the the git-annex branch and deleted the offending key from the preferred content and group files (it oddly didn't appear in the uuid file).  However they keep coming back :-(

Everything seems to be okay bar this rogue entry which in the web-app irrationally bothers me.

I'm running the very latest git-annex release.

Any thoughts?

Cheers,

Matt.


    # git-annex configuration
    #
    # Changes saved to this file will be recorded in the git-annex branch.
    #
    # Lines in this file have the format:
    #   setting uuid = value
    
    # Repository trust configuration
    # (Valid trust levels: trusted semitrusted untrusted dead)
    # (for mattford63 (matt@descartes.rss.mhs.man.ac.uk:~/current))
    trust 88733342-45ef-420f-8f1b-9a5ed8d8e070 = semitrusted
    
    # Repository groups
    # (Standard groups: client transfer backup incrementalbackup smallarchive archive source manual public unwanted)
    # (Separate group names with spaces)
    # (for )
    group 40da403e-6f74-4705-aae0-433aa656b55e = client
    # (for mattford63 (matt@descartes.rss.mhs.man.ac.uk:~/current))
    group 88733342-45ef-420f-8f1b-9a5ed8d8e070 = client

    # Repository preferred contents
    # (for )
    content 40da403e-6f74-4705-aae0-433aa656b55e = standard
    # (for mattford63 (matt@descartes.rss.mhs.man.ac.uk:~/current))
    content 88733342-45ef-420f-8f1b-9a5ed8d8e070 = standard
    
