Intro
=====

This experience report
describes steps I've taken for recovering from a situation where
an *unrelated* git-annex's remote was accidentally merged into a repository.

It is posted to the forum for use by anyone who finds themselves in the same situation
(especially myself…).

The root cause of the issue was a copy-pasted `git remote add` gone wrong,
and a subsequent `git annex sync`, that "contaminated" the rest of my remotes.
That led to `git annex info` showing the union of all the repositories available to the two repositories,
and `fsck --all` runs looking for files from any repository.

It should go without saying, but here it is anyway:

**Following these steps can eventualy lead to data loss**.

The precautions I've taken are

* knowing that two complete copies of the data sets exist,
* having a filesystem level snapshot of a least one of those copies, and
* not starting any file dropping until all remotes have completed fscks at the end.

Identifying the last good state
===============================

By looking for the first occurrence of the UUID of one of the bad new remotes
in `git log --patch git-annex`,
I've identified the last good git-annex state before the merge.

Tagging that as `git tag before-accidental-merging-with-other-server 83c1b945c2428cefa968aec587229f6a87649de6`.


Removing potentially mergable information
=========================================

git-annex is eager to pull in updates lying around --
while this is usually a good thing,
here it incurs the danger of resurrecting the accident.

On all remotes that were accessed since the accident,
I've executed this to remove both the local synced/git-annex branch
and any memory of cached remote branches:

    $ git branch -D synced/git-annex
    $ git branch -r | sed 's@remotes/@@' | xargs git branch -d -r

and restore the git-annex branch:

    $ git branch -f git-annex 83c1b945c2428cefa968aec587229f6a87649de6

That proved to be insufficient --
after I had first only done this,
things looked good for a while and then after the first `git annex fsck --fast`,
the remotes were back again.

The only file large enough to contain the offending data in .git/annex was .git/annex/index,
so I've removed that backed by [[internals]]' statement of it being safe to remove:

    $ rm .git/annex/index

(did that on all remotes; on bare ones it's `annex/index`, obviously).

Verification
============

To ensure everyone is on the same page,
I've run `git annex sync`;
its speed already showed that now there's no information about a second repository being transferred.

Subsequently, I've run `git annex fsck --all` in all locations.
(That *did* show that I should previously have marked some keys as dead when they were migrated from SHA256E to SHA256,
but that's beside the point here).

Even after a sync following the above,
no traces of the bad merge (be it in the form of a repository or of a file from there) have shown up any more.

-- [[chrysn]]
