Hi,

I have run the git annex repair command on one of my repositories and it has been running for 38h hours now. I have monitored the process and its sons with htop and it seems that git annex repair is stuck.

It repeatedly launches the following command: 

git --git-dir=/home/vincent/photos2/.git --work-tree=/home/vincent/photos2 ls-tree --full-tree -z -r -- 5fe5193e079631c0ceac0688ae0a6c1636491b61

I have tried to execute it by hand and it produces a lot of output. I have redirected it into some file in order to count the content produced by this command.

vincent@berlioz:~/photos2/.git$ git --git-dir=/home/vincent/photos2/.git --work-tree=/home/vincent/photos2 ls-tree --full-tree -z -r -- 5fe5193e079631c0ceac0688ae0a6c1636491b61 > /tmp/ls-tree

vincent@berlioz:/tmp$ wc ls-tree 
       0   232525 11611220 ls-tree

Could this cause some troubles to git-annex ? Maybe my repository is just too big and it demands some time to deal with the whole thing?

Before doing the git annex repair command I have tried to delete a distant annex (hosted on a raspberry pi, running an arm raspbian) from this one, using the git annex webapp website. Since it was kind of stuck I asked webapp to shutdown. I ran git annex repair for some time. It looked like stuck. I stopped it, then tried git fsck. It ran well. I tried git annex fsck, it took all my RAM and swap. The process was eating 14 Giga bytes of memory. I tried git gc and the same memory problem occured. I ran git annex repair again and it has been 38 hours now. I am lost. Please help.

vincent@berlioz:~$ LANG=C apt-cache policy git-annex
git-annex:
  Installed: 5.20141125
  Candidate: 5.20141125
  Package pin: 5.20141125
  Version table:
 *** 5.20141125 950
        400 http://ftp.fr.debian.org/debian/ testing/main amd64 Packages
         50 http://ftp.fr.debian.org/debian/ unstable/main amd64 Packages
        100 /var/lib/dpkg/status
     3.20120629 950
        900 http://ftp.fr.debian.org/debian/ wheezy/main amd64 Packages
