I tried to use the [old thread](http://git-annex.branchable.com/forum/Git_repos_in_git_annex__63__/?updated#comment-9fca5cf31ccfd3d78c78cb65f7672340) for this, but threads don't get bumped when they are updated, so I guess I'll have to start a new one...

Here is the relevant [bug report](http://git-annex.branchable.com/bugs/Can__39__t_add_a_git_repo_to_git_annex:___34__Invalid_path_repo__47__.git__47__X__34___for_many_X).

Here's my scenario: I have been using Dropbox for several years.  I want to move to git-annex.

For some time I used Bazaar repos inside Dropbox.  A couple of times I accidentally modified files on one computer before another finished syncing, and the repo became mildly corrupted, but I recovered it okay.

Recently I switched to git, and so far, so good.  I'm careful not to make any changes to my files before Dropbox is finished syncing, so everything works fine.

But when I add a directory containing a git repo to an annex, git-annex ignores the .git directory, so the repo isn't synced.

I read this forum thread, and I read the bug report, but there don't appear to be any real solutions.

This seems like what should be a fairly common use case: a user has a directory of simple text files, like shell scripts or org-mode files.  He uses git to version-control them, and he uses Dropbox to sync the files and the git repo automatically between computers.  Now the user wants to use git-annex instead, but if he does this, it will mean having to choose between:

* No longer using git to version-control the files
* Only using git on a single system, which means that he can't make commits or do any other git operations when using other systems
* Keeping separate git repos on each system, and making the same commits manually on each one...which would be a mess
* Keeping separate git repos on each system, and using a script to make commits automatically--which would mean commits wouldn't be any more useful than a simple timed backup script

I guess I could just use git instead of Dropbox or git-annex, but then I must choose between either:

* Only being able to sync repos when both systems are online
* Having to store repos in plaintext on remote servers

This is one of my primary use cases for Dropbox/git-annex.  I'd really appreciate any help in figuring this out.  Thanks.
