Hi,

I have created a git annex repo, added data. I then went to check it out in another location in the following way (my goal is to checkout origin, add a test file, push it back to origin).
 git clone ../test_repo/
   282  17:19   cd test_repo/
   283  17:19   ls
   284  17:19   git status
   285  17:22   git annex init DEV
   286  17:22   touch test.txt
   287  17:22   vi test.txt
   288  17:22   git annex merge
   289  17:22   git annex add test.txt
   290  17:22   git commit -am "test"
   291  17:23   git push origin master git-annex 

However I am getting the following error

Counting objects: 3, done.
Delta compression using up to 48 threads.
Compressing objects: 100% (3/3), done.
Writing objects: 100% (3/3), 364 bytes | 0 bytes/s, done.
Total 3 (delta 1), reused 0 (delta 0)
remote: error: refusing to update checked out branch: refs/heads/master
remote: error: By default, updating the current branch in a non-bare repository
remote: error: is denied, because it will make the index and work tree inconsistent
remote: error: with what you pushed, and will require 'git reset --hard' to match
remote: error: the work tree to HEAD.
remote: error: 
remote: error: You can set 'receive.denyCurrentBranch' configuration variable to
remote: error: 'ignore' or 'warn' in the remote repository to allow pushing into
remote: error: its current branch; however, this is not recommended unless you
remote: error: arranged to update its work tree to match what you pushed in some
remote: error: other way.
remote: error: 
remote: error: To squelch this message and still keep the default behaviour, set
remote: error: 'receive.denyCurrentBranch' configuration variable to 'refuse'.
To /test_repo/
 ! [remote rejected] master -> master (branch is currently checked out)
error: failed to push some refs to '/test_repo/'

What am I missing?
