I keep my movie collection in an annex. I recently wrote a python script that pulls information about each movie down from IMDB and stores it as metadata on the annexed file. One of the attributes I'm storing is `rating`. For instance, the metadata for my copy of Blade Runner looks like this:

    $ git annex metadata blade_runner.mkv
    metadata blade_runner.mkv
      director="Ridley Scott"
      director-lastchanged=2016-04-20@04-21-33
      genre="Sci-Fi"
      genre="Thriller"
      genre-lastchanged=2016-04-20@04-21-33
      lastchanged=2016-04-20@04-21-33
      rating=8.2
      rating-lastchanged=2016-04-20@04-21-33
      runtime=117
      runtime-lastchanged=2016-04-20@04-21-33
      title="Blade Runner"
      title-lastchanged=2016-04-20@04-21-33
      year=1982
      year-lastchanged=2016-04-20@04-21-33
    ok

I can now use the metadata to ask git annex to show me all movies with a rating of 8.2.

    $ git annex find --metadata rating=8.2
    blade_runner.mkv

However, that isn't very useful. What I want to do is specify a range. For example, I want to ask git annex to show me all movies with a rating above 8:

    $ git annex find --metadata rating=>8

Or, show me all movies with a rating between 6 and 9

    $ git annex find --metadata rating=>6 rating=<9

Is something like this possible?

I'd like to do something similar with the `year` attribute. Right now I can use metadata views to group movies by their release year, which is pretty neat.

    $ git annex view "year=*"

But I would also like to be able to give a range so that I could group movies by release decade, for example.
