git version: 1.9.5.msysgit.1
git-annex version: 5.20150710-g8fd7052

I have a repo up on GitLab. I have annex’d files in that repo. On a Linux server I can “git annex sync” and then “git annex get” just fine. On Windows when I try to run “git annex sync” I get:

GitLab: You don't have access

  Remote origin does not have git-annex installed; setting annex-ignore

  This could be a problem with the git-annex installation on the remote. Please make sure that git-a
nnex-shell is available in PATH when you ssh into the remote. Once you have fixed the git-annex inst
allation, run: git config remote.origin.annex-ignore false
commit  ok
pull origin
git-annex.exe: unknown command git@gitlab.server.com
…
fatal: Could not read from remote repository.

Please make sure you have the correct access rights
and the repository exists.
failed
git-annex: sync: 1 failed

I have access to the repo however. I can git pull/push…whatever. It’s just annex that is having problems with access and I’m not sure why. Here is my git config:

[core]
        repositoryformatversion = 0
        filemode = false
        bare = false
        logallrefupdates = true
        symlinks = false
        ignorecase = true
        hideDotFiles = dotGitOnly
[remote "origin"]
        url = git@gitlab.company.com:repo.git
        fetch = +refs/heads/*:refs/remotes/origin/*
        annex-ignore = false
[annex]
        uuid = 2noa1e70-9f88-4did-843c-3f8sdf3495990
        sshcaching = false
        crippledfilesystem = true
        version = 5
