Surprise! I'm running a new crowdfunding campaign, which I hope will fund
several more months of git-annex development.

<https://campaign.joeyh.name/>

Please don't feel you have to give, but if you do decide to, give
generously. ;) I'm accepting both Paypal and Bitcoin (via CoinBase.com),
and have some rewards that you might enjoy.

----

I came up with two lists of things I hope this campaign will fund.
These are by no means complete lists. First, some general features and
development things:

* Integrate better with Android.
* Get the assistant and webapp ported to Windows.
* Refine the automated stress testing tools to find and fix more problems
  before users ever see them.
* Automatic recovery. Cosmic ray flipped a bit in a file? 
  USB drive corrupted itself? The assistant should notice these problems,
  and fix them.
* Encourage more contributions from others. For example, improve the
  special remote plugin interface so it can do everything the native Haskell
  interface can do. Eight new cloud storage services were added this year
  as plugins, but we can do better!
* Use deltas to reduce bandwidth needed to transfer modified versions of files.

Secondly, some things to improve security:

* Add easy support for encrypted git repositories
  using [git-remote-gcrypt](https://github.com/blake2-ppc/git-remote-gcrypt),
  so you can safely push to a repository on a server you don't control.
* Add support for setting up and using GPG keys in the webapp.
* Add protection to the XMPP protocol to guard against man in the middle
  attacks if the XMPP server is compromised. Ie, Google should not be able to
  learn about your git-annex repository even if you're using their servers.
* To avoid leaking even the size of your encrypted files to
  cloud storage providers, add a mode that stores fixed size chunks.

It will also, of course, fund ongoing bugfixing, support, etc.
