Set up an autobuilder for the linux standalone binaries.
Did not get an Android autobuilder set up yet, but I did update
the Android app with recent improvements, so [[upgrade|install/Android]].

----

Investigated further down paths to getting the webapp built for Android.

* Since recent ghc versions support ghci and thus template haskell on arm,
  at least some of the time, I wonder what's keeping the ghc-android build
  from doing so? It might be due to it being a cross compiler. I tried
  recompiling it with the stage 2, native compiler enabled. While I was
  able to use that ghc binary on Android, it refused to run --interactive,
  claiming it was not built with that enabled. Don't really understand
  the ghc build system, so might have missed something.

  Maybe I need to recompile ghc using the native ghc running on Android.
  But that would involve porting gcc and a lot of libraries and toolchain
  stuff to Android.

* [yesod-pure](http://hackage.haskell.org/package/yesod-pure) is an option,
  and I would not mind making all the code changes to use it, getting
  rid of template haskell entirely. (Probably around 1 thousand lines of
  code would need to be written, but most of it would be trivial
  conversion of hamlet templates.)
  
  Question is, will yesod install at all without template haskell? Not
  easily. `vector`, `monad-logger`, `aeson`, `shakespeare`,
  `shakespeare-css`, `shakespeare-js`, `shakespeare-i18n`, `hamlet`
  all use TH at build time. Hacked them all to just remove the TH parts.

  The hack job on `yesod-core` was especially rough, involving things like
  404 handlers. Did get it to build tho!

  Still a dozen packages before I can build yesod, and then will try 
  building [this yesod-pure demo](https://gist.github.com/snoyberg/3870834/raw/212f0164de36524291df3ab35788e2b72d8d1e75/fib.hs).
