Slowly getting through the bugs that were opened while I was on vacation and
then I'll try to get to all the comments. 60+ messages to go.

Got git-annex working better on encfs, which does not support hard links in
paranoid mode. Now git-annex can be used in indirect mode, it doesn't force
direct mode when hard links are not supported.

Made the Android repository setup special case generate a .gitignore file
to ignore thumbnails. Which will only start working once the assistant
gets .gitignore support.

-----

Been thinking today about encrypting XMPP traffic, particularly git push
data. Of course, XMPP is already encrypted, but that doesn't hide it from
those entities who have access to the XMPP server or its encryption key.
So adding client-to-client encryption has been on the TODO list all along.

OTR would be a great way to do it. But I worry that the confirmation steps
OTR uses to authenticate the recipient would make the XMPP pairing UI harder
to get through.

Particularly when pairing your own devices over XMPP, with several devices
involved, you'd need to do a lot of cross-confirmations. It would be better
there, I think, to just use a shared secret for authentication. (The need
to enter such a secret on each of your devices before pairing them would
also provide a way to use different repositories with the same XMPP
account, so 2birds1stone.)

Maybe OTR confirmations would be ok when setting up sharing with a friend.
If OTR was not used there, and it just did a Diffie-Hellman key exchange
during the pairing process, it could be attacked by an active MITM spoofing
attack. The attacker would then know the keys, and could decrypt future
pushes. How likely is such an attack? This goes far beyond what we're
hearing about. Might be best to put in some basic encryption now, so
we don't have to worry about pushes being passively recorded on the
server. Comments appreciated.
