Both the assistant and `git annex drop --auto` refused to drop files from
untrusted repositories. Got that fixed.

Finally recorded the xmpp pairing screencast. In one perfect take, which
somehow `recordmydesktop` lost the last 3 minutes of.
Argh! Anyway I'm editing it now, so, look for that screencast soon.

The [[polls/goals_for_April]] poll results are in. 

* There have been no votes at all for working on
  cloud remotes. Seems that git-annex supports enough cloud remotes already.
* A lot of people want the Android webapp port to be done, so I will
  probably spend some time on that this month.
* Interest in other various features is split. I am surprised how many 
  want git-remote-gcrypt, compared to the features that would make
  syncing use less bandwidth. Doesn't git push over xmpp cover most
  of the use cases where git-remote-gcrypt would need to be used with the
  assistant?
* Nearly as many people as want features, want me to work on bug
  fixing and polishing what's already there.
  So I should probably continue to make screencasts, since they often force
  me to look at things with fresh eyes and see and fix problems. And of course,
  continue working on bugs as they're reported.
* I'm not sure what to make of the 10% who want me to add direct mode support.
  Since direct mode is already used by default, perhaps they want
  me to take time off? :) (I certainly need to fix the
  [[bugs/Direct_mode_keeps_re-checksuming_duplicated_files]] bug, and one other
  direct mode bug I discovered yesterday.)
