Felt spread thin yesterday, as I was working on multiple things
concurrently & bouncing around as compiles finished. Been working to get
openssh to build for Android, which is quite a pain, starting with getting
openssl to build and then dealing with the Cyanogenmod patches, some of
which are necessary to build on Android and some of which break builds
outside Cyanogenmod. At the same time was testing git-annex on Android.
Found and fixed several more portability bugs while doing that. And on the
back burner I was making some changes to the webapp..

(Forgot to commit my blog post yesterday too..)

Today, that all came together.

* When adding another local repository in the webapp, 
  it now allows you to choose whether it should be combined with
  your current repository, or kept separate. Several people had requested
  a way to add local clones with the webapp, for various reasons, like
  wanting a backup repository, or wanting to make a repository on a NFS
  server, and this allows doing that.

[[!img /assistant/combinerepos.png]]

* More porting fun. FAT filesystems and other things used on Android can
  get all new inode numbers each time mounted. Made git-annex use a
  sentinal file to detect when this has happened, since in direct mode
  it compares inodes. (As a bonus this also makes copying direct mode
  repositories between filesystems work.)

* Got openssh building for Android. Changed it to use $HOME/.ssh rather
  than trusting pwent.

* Got git-annex's ssh connection caching working on Android. That needs
  a place where it can create a socket. When the
  repository is on a crippled filesystem, it instead puts the socket
  in a temporary directory set up on the filesystem where the git-annex
  program resides.

With ssh connection caching, transferring multiple files off my Android
tablet *screams*! I was seeing 6.5 megabytes transferred per second,
sustained over a whole month's worth of photos.

Next problem: `git annex assistant` on Android is for some reason crashing
with a segfault on startup. Especially odd since `git annex watch` works.
I'm so close to snap-photo-and-it-syncs-nirvana, but still so far away...
