Finally fixed the bug causing repeated checksumming when a direct mode file
contains duplicate files. I may need to add some cleaning of stale inode
caches eventually.

Meanwhile, Guilhem made `git annex initremote` use higher quality entropy,
with `--fast` getting back to the old behavior of urandom quality entropy.
The assistant doesn't use high quality entropy since I have no way to
prompt when the user would need to generate more. I did have a fun idea to
deal with this: Make a javascript game, that the user can play while
waiting, which would generate enropy nicely. Maybe one day.. ;)

Also made a small but significant change to [[archive directory handling|todo/assistant_smarter_archive_directory_handling]].
Now the assistant syncs files that are in `archive` directories like any
other file, until they reach an archive repository. Then they get dropped
from all the clients. This way, users who don't set up archive repositories
don't need to know about this special case, and users who do want to use
them can, with no extra configuration.

After recent changes, the preferred content expression for transfer
repositories is becoming a bit unweidly, at 212 characters. Probably
time to add support for macros..

`(not (inallgroup=client and copies=client:2) and (((exclude=*/archive/* and exclude=archive/*) or (not (copies=archive:1 or copies=smallarchive:1))) or (not copies=semitrusted+:1))) or (not copies=semitrusted+:1)`

Still, it's pretty great how much this little language lets me express, so
easily.
