[[!meta title="day 201  real Android wrapup"]]

I got yesod-pure fully working on Android...

[[!img fib.png size=400x]]

As expected, this involved manually splicing some template haskell. I'm now
confident I can port the git-annex webapp to Android this way, and that it
will take about a week. Probably will start on that in a month or so. If
anyone has some spare Android hardware they'd like to loan me, possibly
sooner. (Returning loaner Asus Transformer tomorrow; thanks Mark.) Although
I'm inclined to let the situation develop; we may just get a ghc-android
that supports TH..

Also:

* Fixed several bugs in the Android installation process.
* Committed patches for all Haskell libraries I've modified to
  the git-annex git repo.
* Ran the test suite on Android. It found a problem; seems `git clone`
  of a local repository is broken in the Android environment.

Non-Android:

* Made the assistant check every hour if logs have grown larger than a
  megabyte, and rotate them to avoid using too much disk space.
* Avoided noise in log about typechanged objects when running
  git commit in direct mode repositories. Seems `git commit`
  has no way to shut that up, so I had to /dev/null it.
* When run with `--debug`, the assistant now logs more information
  about why it transfers or drops objects.
* Found and fixed a case where moving a file to an archive directory would
  not cause its content to be dropped.
* Working on a bug with the assistant where moving a file out of an 
  archive directory in direct mode sometimes ends up with a symlink
  rather than a proper direct mode file. Have not gotten to the bottom
  of it entirely, but it's a race, and I think the race is between
  the direct mode mapping being updated, and the file being transferred.
