The Android app should work on some more devices now, where hard linking to
busybox didn't work. Now it installs itself using symlinks.

Pushed a point release so `cabal install git-annex` works again. And,
I'm really happy to see that the 4.20130521 release has autobuilt on all
Debian architectures, and will soon be replacing the old 3.20120629 version
in testing. (Well, once a libffi transition completes..)

TobiasTheMachine has done it again: [[tips/googledriveannex]]  

-----

I spent most of today building a fuzz tester for the assistant. `git annex
fuzztest` will (once you find the special runes to allow it to run) create
random files in the repository, move them around, delete them, move
directory trees around, etc. The plan is to use this to run some long
duration tests with eg, XMPP, to make sure the assistant keeps things
in shape after a lot of activity. It logs in machine-readable format, 
so if it turns up a bug I may even be able to use it to reproduce the same
bug (fingers crossed).

I was able to use QuickCheck to generate random data for some parts of the fuzz
tester. (Though the actual file names it uses are not generated using
QuickCheck.) Liked this part:

[[!format haskell """
instance Arbitrary FuzzAction where
        arbitrary = frequency
                [ (100, FuzzAdd <$> arbitrary)
                , (10, FuzzDelete <$> arbitrary)
                , (10, FuzzMove <$> arbitrary <*> arbitrary)
                , (10, FuzzModify <$> arbitrary)
                , (10, FuzzDeleteDir <$> arbitrary)
                , (10, FuzzMoveDir <$> arbitrary <*> arbitrary)
                , (10, FuzzPause <$> arbitrary)
                ]
"""]]
