Short day because I spent 3 hours this morning explaining free software
and kickstarter to an accountant. And was away until 3 pm, so how did I get
all this done‽

Eliot pointed out that shutting down the assistant could leave transfers
running. This happened because `git annex transferkeys` is a separate
process, and so it was left to finish up any transfer that was in
process. I've made shutdown stop all transfers that the
assistant started. (Other paired computers could still be connecting to
make transfers even when the assistant is not running, and those are not
affected.)

Added sequence numbers to the XMPP messages used for git pushes. While
these numbers are not used yet, they're available for debugging, and will
help me determine if packets are lost or come out of order. So if you have
experienced problems with XMPP syncing sometimes failing, run tonight's
build of the assistant with `--debug` (or turn on debugging in the webapp
configuration screen), and send me a log by email to
<debuglogs201204@joeyh.name>

Changed the way that autobuilds and manual builds report their version
number. It now includes the date of the last commit, and the abbreviated
commit ID, rather than being some random date after the last release.

Frederik found a bug using the assistant on a FAT filesystem. It didn't
properly handle the files that git uses to stand-in for symlinks in that
situation, and annexed those files. I've fixed this, and even moving
around symlink stand-in files on a FAT filesystem now results in correct
changes to symlinks being committed.
