Back home. I have some 170 messages of backlog to attend to. Rather than
digging into that on my first day back, I spent some time implementing some
new features.

`git annex import` has grown three options that help managing importing of
duplicate files in different ways. I started work on that last week, but
didn't have time to find a way to avoid the `--deduplicate` option
checksumming each imported file twice. Unfortunately, I have still not
found a way I'm happy with, so it works but is not as efficient as it could
be.

`git annex mirror` is a new command suggested to me by someone at DebConf
(they don't seem to have filed the requested todo). It arranges for two
repositories to contain the same set of files, as much as possible (when
numcopies allows). So for example, `git annex mirror --to otherdrive`
will make the otherdrive remote have the same files present and not present
as the local repository.

I am thinking about expanding `git annex sync` with an option to also sync
data. I know some find it confusing that it only syncs the git metadata
and not the file contents. That still seems to me to be the best and most
flexible behavior, and not one I want to change in any case since
it would be most unexpected if `git annex sync` downloaded a lot of stuff
you don't want. But I can see making `git annex sync --data` download
all the file contents it can, as well as uploading all available file
contents to each remote it syncs with. And `git annex sync --data --auto`
limit that to only the preferred content. Although perhaps
these command lines are too long to be usable?

----

With the campaign more or less over, I only have a little over a week
before it's time to dive into the first big item on the roadmap. Hope
to be through the backlog by then.
