Made a release today. Releasing has sure gotten easier with all the
autobuilds to use!

I am now using git-annex to share files with my mom. Here's how the webapp
looks for our family's repository. Soon several of us will be using this
repository.

[[!img assistant/example.png]]

We're using XMPP and rsync.net, so pretty standard setup much like
shown in my last screencast.

Real-world deployments help find bugs, and I found a few:

* If you're running the webapp in `w3m` on a remote computer to set it up,
  some forms are lacking submit buttons. This must be a issue with
  Bootstrap, or HTML5, I guess. I switched to `lynx` and it offers a
  way to submit forms that lack an explicit button.

* Progress bars for downloads from encrypted rsync repos don't update
  during the actual download, but only when gpg is decrypting the
  downloaded file.

* XMPP pushes sometimes fail still. Especially when your mom's computer
  is saturating its limited outgoing network connection uploading hundreds of
  photos. I have not yet determined if this is a packet loss/corruption issue,
  or if the XMPP messages are getting out of order. My gut feeling is it's
  the latter, in which can I can fix this pretty easily by adding sequence
  numbers and some buffering for out of order packets. Or perhaps just
  make it retry failed pushes when this happens.
  
  Anyway, I found it was useful to set up a regular git repository on a
  server to suppliment the git pushes over XMPP. It's helpful to have
  such a git repository anyway, so that clients can push to there when the
  other client(s) are not online to be pushed to directly over XMPP.
