While dropbox allows modifying files in the folder, git-annex freezes
them upon creation, using symlinks.

This is a core design simplification of git-annex.
But it is problematic too:

* To allow directly editing files in its folder, something like [[todo/smudge]] is
  needed, to get rid of the symlinks that stand in for the files.
* OSX seems to have a [[lot_of_problems|bugs/OSX_alias_permissions_and_versions_problem]]
  with stupid programs that follow symlinks and present the git-annex
  hash filename to the user.
* FAT sucks and doesn't support symlinks at all, so [[Android]] can't
  have regular repos on it.

One approach for this would be to hide the git repo away somewhere,
and have the git-annex assistant watch a regular directory, with
regular files.

There would have to be a mapping from files to git-annex objects.
And some intelligent way to determine when a file has been changed
and no longer corresponds to its object. (Not expensive hashing every time,
plz.)

Since this leaves every file open to modification, any such repository
probably needs to be considered untrusted by git-annex. So it doesn't
leave its only copy of a file in such a repository, but instead
syncs it to a proper git-annex repository.

The assistant would make git commits still, of symlinks. It can already do
that with without actual symlinks existing on disk. More difficult is
handling merging; git merge wants a real repository with files it can
really operate on. The assistant would need to calculate merges on its own,
and update the regular directory to reflect changes made in the merge.

Another massive problem with this idea is that it doesn't allow for
[[partial_content]]. The symlinks that everyone loves to hate on are what
make it possible for the contents of some files to not be present on
disk, while the files are still in git and can be retreived as desired.
With real files, some other standin for a missing file would be needed.
Perhaps a 0 length, unreadable, unwritable file? On systems that
support symlinks it could be a broken symlink like is used now, that
is converted to a real file when it becomes present.
