This special remote stores files on an Android device.

The `adb` program is used to access the Android device, which
allows connecting to it in various ways like a USB cable or wifi.

## example

To add a remote for the /sdcard/DCIM directory
on the Android device, allowing to import and export photos:

	git annex initremote android type=adb androiddirectory=/sdcard/DCIM encryption=none exporttree=yes importtree=yes
	git annex export master --to android

## configuration

A number of parameters can be passed to `git annex initremote` to configure
the adb remote.

* `androiddirectory` - Set to the location on the Android device where
  files for the special remote are stored.

* `androidserial` - Normally this is not needed, but if multiple Android
  devices are accessible, you'll be prompted to use it to specify which
  one to use.

* `exporttree` - Set to "yes" to make this special remote usable
  by [[git-annex-export]]. It will not be usable as a general-purpose
  special remote. Since this makes the exported files easily browsable
  on the Android device, you will almost always want to enable this.

* `importtree` - Set to "yes" to make this special remote usable
  by [[git-annex-import]]. When set in combination with exporttree,
  this lets files be imported from it, and changes exported back to it.

* `annexobjects` - When set to "yes" along with "exporttree=yes",
  this allows storing other objects in the remote along with the
  exported tree. They will be stored under .git/annex/objects/ in the
  remote.

* `oldandroid` - Set to "yes" if your Android device is too old
  to support `find -printf`. Enabling this will make importing slower.
  If you see an error like "bad arg '-printf'", you can enable this
  option, by running eg: `git-annex enableremote android oldandroid=yes`

* `ignorefinderror` - Set to "yes" to ignore errors when running "adb find"
  on the Android device. This can be useful eg, if some subdirectories are
  not readable, to let it import the other things that are readable.

* `encryption` - One of "none", "hybrid", "shared", or "pubkey".
  See [[encryption]].

* `keyid` - Specifies the gpg key to use for [[encryption]].

* `chunk` - Enables [[chunking]] when storing large files.
