git-annex has a special remote that lets it store content in git-lfs
repositories.

See [[tips/storing_data_in_git-lfs]] for some examples of how to use this.

## configuration

These parameters can be passed to `git annex initremote` to configure
the git-lfs special remote:

* `url` - Required. The url to the git-lfs repository to use.
  Can be either a ssh url (scp-style is also accepted) or a http url.
  But currently, a http url accesses the git-lfs repository without
  authentication. To authenticate, you will need to use a ssh url.

  This parameter needs to be specified in the initial `git annex
  initremote` but also each time you `git annex enableremote`
  an existing git-lfs special remote. It's fine to use different urls
  at different times as long as they point to the same git-lfs repository.

* `encryption` - One of "none", "hybrid", "shared", or "pubkey".
  Required. See [[encryption]]. Also see the encryption notes below.

* `keyid` - Specifies the gpg key to use for encryption of both the files
  git-annex stores in the repository, as well as to encrypt the git
  repository itself when using gcrypt. May be repeated when
  multiple participants should have access to the repository.

## efficiency note

Since git-lfs uses SHA256 checksums, git-annex needs to keep track of the
SHA256 of content stored in it, in order to be able to retrieve that
content. When a git-annex key uses a [[backend|backends]]
of SHA256 or SHA256E, that's easy. But, if a git-annex key uses some
other backend, git-annex has to additionally store the SHA256 checksum
into the git-annex branch when storing content in git-lfs. That adds a
small bit of size overhead to using this remote.

When encrypting data sent to the git-lfs remote, git-annex always has to
store its SHA256 checksum in the git-annex branch.

## encryption notes

To encrypt a git-lfs repository, there are two separate things that
have to be encrypted: the data git-annex stores there, and the content
of the git repository itself. After all, a git-lfs remote is a git remote
and git push doesn't encrypt data by default.

To encrypt your git pushes, you can use 
[git-remote-gcrypt](https://spwhitton.name/tech/code/git-remote-gcrypt/)
and prefix the repository url with "gcrypt::"

To make git-annex encrypt the data it stores, you can use the encrption=
configuration.

An example of combining the two:

	git annex initremote lfstest type=git-lfs url=gcrypt::git@github.com:username/somerepo.git encryption=shared

In that example, the git-annex shared encryption key is stored in
git, but that's ok because git push will encrypt it, along with all
the other git data, using your gpg key. You could instead use
"encryption=shared keyid=" to make git-annex and gcrypt both encrypt
to a specified gpg key.

git-annex will detect if one part of the repository is encrypted,
but you forgot to encrypt the other part, and will refuse to set up
such an insecure half-encrypted repository.

If you use encryption=hybrid, you can later add more gpg keys that can access
the files git-annex stored in the git-lfs repository. However, due to the
way git-remote-gcrypt encrypts the git repository, you will need to somehow
force it to re-push everything again, so that the encrypted repository can
be decrypted by the added keys. Probably this can be done by setting
`GCRYPT_FULL_REPACK` and doing a forced push of branches.

git-annex will set `remote.<name>`gcrypt-publish-participants` when setting
up a repository that uses gcrypt. This is done to avoid unncessary gpg
passphrase prompts, but it does publish the gpg keyids that can decrypt the
repository. Unset it if you need to obscure that.

## limitations

The git-lfs protocol does not support deleting content, so git-annex
**cannot delete anything** from a git-lfs special remote.

The git-lfs protocol does not support resuming uploads, and so an
interrupted upload will have to restart from the beginning. Interrupted
downloads will resume.

git-lfs has a concept of git ref based access control, so a user may only
be able to send content associated with a particular git ref. git-annex
does not currently provide any git ref, so won't work with a git-lfs server
that uses that.

git-annex only supports the "basic" git-lfs transfer adapter, but that's
the one used by most git-lfs servers.

The git-lfs protocol is designed around batching of transfers, but
git-annex doesn't do batching. This may cause it to fall afoul of
rate limiting of git-lfs servers when transferring a lot of files.
