This special remote stores file contents in [ipfs](http://ipfs.io/).

Warning: As this page is being written, ipfs is still considered alpha
quality code, not suitable for production use. Still, it's fun to play
with, has some nice features and great potential, and git-annex can
keep your data safe while you're using ipfs.

## prerequisites

* git-annex version 5.20141219 or newer, which has [[external]] special remote
  support.
* Install [[external/git-annex-remote-ipfs]] somewhere in PATH
  and `chmod +x` the script.
* Install [go-ipfs](https://github.com/jbenet/go-ipfs) somewhere in PATH.
* Run `ipfs init` and start the `ipfs daemon`

(Note that this special remote does not use ipfs's FUSE support; it
communicates with ipfs using the `ipfs` command-line utility.)

## configuration

These parameters can be passed to `git annex initremote` to configure the
remote:

* `encryption` - One of "none", "hybrid", "shared", or "pubkey".
  See [[encryption]]. Note that this is git-annex's encryption, not ipfs's
  encryption.

* `keyid` - Specifies the gpg key to use for [[encryption]].

Setup example:

	# git annex initremote ipfs type=external externaltype=ipfs encryption=none

## content distribution

After `git annex copy --to ipfs`, a file will typically only have
been copied to your computer's local ipfs object store. It will not reach
other ipfs nodes on the network until they request the content.

If you set up a clone of your repository on another computer, and install
ipfs and enable the ipfs remote there, you can proceed with using it to get
files that have been stored in ipfs:

	# git annex sync
	# git annex enableremote ipfs
	# git annex copy --from ipfs

## content removal

Removing content from ipfs requires all nodes that have a copy to decide to
delete it. This is not something git-annex can arrange to happen, or
reliably tell has happened, so `git annex drop --from ipfs` will always fail.

## using ipfs addresses

Once a file has been copied to ipfs, you can use `git annex whereis`
to look up the ipfs address of the file:

	# git annex whereis somefile
	whereis somefile
		ed1c811d-fe42-4436-aa75-56566c990aa8 -- ipfs
	
	ipfs: QmYgXEfjsLbPvVKrrD4Hf6QvXYRPRjH5XFGajDqtxBnD4W

In the example above, the ipfs address for the file is
`QmYgXEfjsLbPvVKrrD4Hf6QvXYRPRjH5XFGajDqtxBnD4W`. You can give this
address to any other ipfs user and they can use it to download the file!

You can also use ipfs addresses with `git annex addurl`. For example:

	# git annex addurl ipfs:QmYgXEfjsLbPvVKrrD4Hf6QvXYRPRjH5XFGajDqtxBnD4W --file somefile

That's a real file; try it!

## future directions

While perhaps useful, this is just a proof of concept. It's particularly
lacking in that it doesn't integrate well git-annex's [[location_tracking]]
with ipfs. 

Tracking which ipfs nodes have a copy of an annexed object
would make this special remote work better. In particular, git-annex does
not currently trust ipfs to contain a copy of an object, since it has no
way of keeping track of which which ipfs nodes might contain it. So, eg, 
`git annex drop` will refuse to trust ipfs.
