This special remote type stores file contents in a bucket in Amazon S3
or a similar service.

See [[tips/using_Amazon_S3]], 
[[tips/Internet_Archive_via_S3]], and [[tips/using_Google_Cloud_Storage]]
for usage examples.

## configuration

The standard environment variables `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and
`AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` are used to supply login credentials for S3. You
need to set these only when running `git annex initremote` (or
`enableremote`), as they will be cached in a file only you can read inside
the local git repository. If you’re working with temporary security
credentials, you can also set the `AWS_SESSION_TOKEN` environment variable.

A number of parameters can be passed to `git annex initremote` to configure
the S3 remote.

* `encryption` - One of "none", "hybrid", "shared", or "pubkey".
  See [[encryption]].

* `keyid` - Specifies the gpg key to use for [[encryption]].

* `chunk` - Enables [[chunking]] when storing large files.
  `chunk=1MiB` is a good starting point for chunking.

* `embedcreds` - Optional. Set to "yes" to embed the login credentials inside
  the git repository, which allows other clones to also access them. This is
  the default when gpg encryption is enabled; the credentials are stored
  encrypted and only those with the repository's keys can access them.

  It is not the default when using shared encryption, or no encryption.
  Think carefully about who can access your repository before using
  embedcreds without gpg encryption.

* `onlyencryptcreds` - Optional. Set to "yes" to make the `encryption`
  only be used for the embedded login credentials, but not used to encrypt
  the content stored on the special remote.

* `datacenter` - Specifies which Amazon datacenter
  to use when creating a bucket. Defaults to "US". Other values include "EU"
  (which is EU/Ireland), "us-west-1", "us-west-2", etc. See Amazon's
  documentation for a complete list. Configuring this is equivilant to
  configuring both `host` and `region`.

* `storageclass` - Default is "STANDARD".  
  Consult S3 provider documentation for pricing details and available
  storage classes.  For example, the s3cmd(1) man page lists valid storage class names for Amazon S3.
  
  When using Amazon S3,
  if the remote will be used for backup or archival,
  and so its files are Infrequently Accessed, `STANDARD_IA` is a
  good choice to save money.
  If you have configured git-annex to preserve
  multiple [[copies]], also consider setting this to `ONEZONE_IA`
  to save even more money.

  Amazon S3's `DEEP_ARCHIVE` is similar to Amazon Glacier. For that,
  use the [[glacier]] special remote, rather than this one.

  When using Google Cloud Storage, to make a nearline bucket, set this to
  `NEARLINE`.

  Note that changing the storage class of an existing S3 remote will
  affect new objects sent to the remote, but not objects already
  stored there.

* `host` - Specify in order to use a different, S3 compatible
  service.

* `region` - Specify the region to use. Only makes sense to use when
  you also set `host`.

* `protocol` - Either "http" (the default) or "https". Setting
  protocol=https implies port=443. 
  
  This option was added in git-annex version 7.20190322; to make
  a special remote that uses http with older versions of git-annex,
  explicitly specify port=443.

* `port` - Specify the port to connect to. Only needed when using a service
  on an unusual port. Setting port=443 implies protocol=https.

* `requeststyle` - Set to "path" to use path style requests, instead of the
  default DNS style requests. This is needed with some S3 services.

  If you get an error about a host name not existing, it's a good
  indication that you need to use this.

* `signature` - This controls the S3 signature version to use.
  The default is "v4" when using Amazon S3, but "v2" when using other
  hosts. To access a S3 bucket anonymously, use "anonymous".

* `bucket` - S3 requires that buckets have a globally unique name, 
  so by default, a bucket name is chosen based on the remote name
  and UUID. This can be specified to pick a bucket name.

* `versioning` - Indicate whether the S3 bucket should have versioning
  enabled. Set to "yes" to enable.
  
  Enabling versioning along with "exporttree=yes"
  allows git-annex to access old versions of files that were 
  exported to the special remote by [[git-annex export|git-annex-export]].

  And enabling versioning along with "importtree=yes"
  allows [[git-annex import|git-annex-import]] to import the whole
  history of files in the bucket, synthesizing a series of git commits.

  Note that git-annex does not support dropping content from versioned
  S3 buckets, since the versioning preserves the content.

* `exporttree` - Set to "yes" to make this special remote usable
  by [[git-annex export|git-annex-export]].
  It will not be usable as a general-purpose special remote.

* `importtree` - Set to "yes" to make this special remote usable
  by [[git-annex-import]]. When set in combination with exporttree,
  this lets files be imported from it, and changes exported back to it.

  Note that exporting files to a S3 bucket may overwrite changes that
  have been made to files in the bucket by other software since the last
  time git-annex imported from the bucket. When versioning is enabled,
  the content of files overwritten in this way can still be recovered,
  but you may have to look through the git history to find them.
  When versioning is not enabled, this risks data loss, and so git-annex
  will not let you enable a remote with that configuration unless forced.

* `annexobjects` - When set to "yes" along with "exporttree=yes",
  this allows storing other objects in the remote along with the
  exported tree. They will be stored under .git/annex/objects/ in the
  remote.

* `publicurl` - Configure the URL that is used to download files
  from the bucket. Using this with a S3 bucket that has been configured
  to allow anyone to download its content allows git-annex to download
  files from the S3 remote without needing to know the S3 credentials.

  To configure the S3 bucket to allow anyone to download its content,
  refer to S3 documentation to set a Bucket Policy.

* `public` - Deprecated. This enables public read access to files sent to
  the S3 remote using ACLs. Note that Amazon S3 buckets created after April
  2023 do not support using ACLs in this way and a Bucket Policy must instead
  be used. This should only be set for older buckets.

* `partsize` - Amazon S3 only accepts uploads up to a certian file size,
  and storing larger files requires a multipart upload process.

  Setting `partsize=1GiB` is recommended for Amazon S3 when not using
  chunking; this will cause multipart uploads to be done using parts
  up to 1GiB in size. Note that setting partsize to less than 100MiB
  will cause Amazon S3 to reject uploads.

  This is not enabled by default, since other S3 implementations may
  not support multipart uploads or have different limits,
  but can be enabled or changed at any time.

* `fileprefix` - By default, git-annex places files in a tree rooted at the
  top of the S3 bucket. When this is set, it's prefixed to the filenames
  used. For example, you could set it to "foo/" in one special remote,
  and to "bar/" in another special remote, and both special remotes could
  then use the same bucket.

* `x-amz-meta-*` are passed through as http headers when storing keys
  in S3.

* `x-archive-meta-*` are passed through as http headers when storing keys
  in the Internet Archive. See
  [the Internet Archive S3 interface documentation](https://archive.org/help/abouts3.txt)
  for example headers.
