git-annex can use the web as a special remote, associating an url with an
annexed file, and downloading the file content from the web.
See [[tips/using_the_web_as_a_special_remote]] for usage examples.

The web special remote is always enabled, without any manual setup being
needed. Its name is "web".

This special remote can only be used for downloading content,
not uploading content, or removing content from the web.

This special remote uses urls on the web as the source for content.
There are several other ways http can be used to download annexed objects,
including a git remote accessible by http, S3 with a `publicurl` configured,
and the [[httpalso]] special remote.

## configuration

These parameters can be passed to `git annex initremote` or
`git-annex enableremote` to configure a web remote:

* `urlinclude` - Only use urls that match the specified glob.  
  For example, `urlinclude="https://s3.amazonaws.com/*"`  
* `urlexclude` - Don't use urls that match the specified glob.  
  For example, to prohibit http urls, but allow https,
  use `urlexclude="http:*"`  
  
Globs are matched case-insensitively.

When there are multiple special remotes of type web, and some are not
configured with `urlinclude` and/or `urlexclude`, those will avoid using
urls that are matched by the configuration of other web remotes.

For example, this creates a second web special remote named "slowweb" that
is only used for urls on one host, and that has a higher cost than the
"web" special remote. With this configuration, `git-annex get` will first
try to get the file from the "web" special remote, which will avoid
using any urls that match slowweb's urlinclude. Only if the content 
can't be downloaded from "web" (or some other remote) will it fall back
to downloading from slowweb.

    git-annex initremote --sameas=web slowweb type=web urlinclude='*//slowhost.com/*'
    git config remote.slowweb.annex-cost 300
