This special remote type stores file contents in a WebDAV server.

## configuration

The environment variables `WEBDAV_USERNAME` and `WEBDAV_PASSWORD` are used
to supply login credentials. You need to set these only when running `git
annex initremote` (or `enableremote`), as they will be cached in a file
only you can read inside the local git repository.

A number of parameters can be passed to `git annex initremote` to configure
the webdav remote.

* `encryption` - One of "none", "hybrid", "shared", or "pubkey".
  See [[encryption]].

* `keyid` - Specifies the gpg key to use for [[encryption]].

* `embedcreds` - Optional. Set to "yes" embed the login credentials inside
  the git repository, which allows other clones to also access them. This is
  the default when gpg encryption is enabled; the credentials are stored
  encrypted and only those with the repository's keys can access them.

  It is not the default when using shared encryption, or no encryption.
  Think carefully about who can access your repository before using
  embedcreds without gpg encryption.

* `url` - Required. The URL to the WebDAV directory where files will be
  stored. This can be a subdirectory of a larger WebDAV repository, and will
  be created as needed. Use of a https URL is strongly
  encouraged, since HTTP basic authentication is used.

* `exporttree` - Set to "yes" to make this special remote usable
  by [[git-annex-export]]. It will not be usable as a general-purpose
  special remote.

* `chunk` - Enables [[chunking]] when storing large files.

* `chunksize` - Deprecated version of chunk parameter above.  
  Do not use for new remotes. It is not safe to change the chunksize
  setting of an existing remote.

Setup example:

	# WEBDAV_USERNAME=id@joeyh.name WEBDAV_PASSWORD=xxxxxxx git annex initremote box.com type=webdav url=https://dav.box.com/dav/git-annex chunk=10mb keyid=id@joeyh.name
