This page tries to regroup a set of Really Bad Ideas people had with
git-annex in the past that can lead to catastrophic data loss, abusive
disk usage, improper swearing and other unfortunate experiences.

This could also be called the "git annex worst practices", but is
different than [[what git annex is not|not]] in that it covers normal
use cases of git-annex, just implemented in the wrong way. Hopefully,
git-annex should make it as hard as possible to do those things, but
sometimes, you just can't help it, people figure out the worst
possible ways of doing things.

[[!toc]]

---

# **Symlinking the `.git/annex` directory**

Symlinking the `.git/annex` directory, in the hope of saving
disk space, is a horrible idea. The general antipattern is:

    git clone repoA repoB
    mv repoB/.git/annex repoB/.git/annex.bak
    ln -s repoA/.git/annex repoB/.git/annex

This is bad because git-annex will believe it has two copy of the
files and then would let you drop the single copy, therefore leading
to data loss.

Proper pattern
--------------

The proper way of doing this is through git-annex's hardlink support,
by cloning the repository with the `--shared` option:

    git clone --shared repoA repoB

This will setup repoB as an "untrusted" repository and use hardlinks
to copy files between the two repos, using space only once. This
works, of course, only on filesystems that support hardlinks, but
that's usually the case for filesystems that support symlinks.

Real world cases
----------------

 * [[forum/share_.git__47__annex__47__objects_across_multiple_repositories_on_one_machine/]]
 * at least one IRC discussion

Fixes
-----

Probably no way to fix this in git-annex - if users want to shoot
themselves in the foot by messing with the backend, there's not much
we can do to change that in this case.

---

# **Reinit repo with an existing uuid without `fsck`**

To quote the [[git-annex-reinit]] manpage:

> Normally, initializing a repository generates a new, unique
> identifier (UUID) for that repository. Occasionally it may be useful
> to reuse a UUID -- for example, if a repository got deleted, and
> you're setting it back up.

[[git-annex-reinit]] can be used to reuse UUIDs for deleted
repositories. But what happens if you reuse the UUID of an *existing*
repository, or a repository that hasn't been properly emptied before
being declared dead? This can lead to git-annex getting confused
because, in that case, git-annex may think some files are still
present in the revived repository (while they may not actually be).

This should never result in data loss, because git-annex does not
trust its records about the contents of a repository, and checks
that it really contains files before dropping them from other
repositories. (The one exception to this rule is trusted repositories,
whose contents are never checked. See the next two sections for more
about problems with trusted repositories.)

Proper pattern
--------------

The proper way of using reinit is to make sure you run
[[git-annex-fsck]] (optionally with `--fast` to save time) on the
revived repo right after running reinit. This will ensure that at
least the location log will be updated, and git-annex will notice if
files are missing.

Real world cases
----------------

 * [[bugs/remotes_disappeared]]

Fixes
-----

An improvement to git-annex here would be to allow
[[reinit to work without arguments|todo/reinit_should_work_without_arguments]]
to at least not encourage UUID reuse.

# **Deleting data from trusted repositories**

When you use [[git-annex-trust]] on a repository, you disable
some very important sanity checks that make sure that git-annex
never loses the content of files. So trusting a repository
is a good way to shoot yourself in the foot and lose data. Like the
man page says, "Use with care."

When you have made git-annex trust a repository, you can lose data
by dropping files from that repository. For example, suppose file `foo` is
present in the trusted repository, and also in a second repository.

Now suppose you run `git annex drop foo` in both repositories.
Normally, git-annex will not let both copies of the file be removed,
but if the trusted repository is able to verify that the second
repository has a copy, it will delete its copy. Then the drop in the second
repository will *trust* the trusted repository still has its copy,
and so the last copy of the file gets deleted.

Proper pattern
--------------

Either avoid using trusted repositories, or avoid dropping content
from them, or make sure you `git annex sync` just right, so
other reposities know that data has been removed from a trusted repository.

# **Deleting trusted repositories**

Another way trusted repositories are unsafe is that even after they're
deleted, git-annex will trust that they contained the files they
used to contain.

Proper pattern
--------------

Always use [[git-annex-dead]] to tell git-annex when a repository has
been deleted, especially if it was trusted.

Other cases
===========

Feel free to add your lessons in catastrophe here! It's educational
and fun, and will improve git-annex for everyone.

PS: should this be a toplevel page instead of being drowned in the
[[tips]] section? Where should it be linked to?  -- [[anarcat]]
