[Termux](https://termux.com/) is an Android app that can run some
Linux software in a terminal.

git-annex is not currently part of the Termux distribution, but it's easy
to install it. Paste these commands into Termux:

	pkg install git wget tar
	termux-setup-storage
	cd
	wget https://downloads.kitenet.net/git-annex/autobuild/armel/git-annex-standalone-armel.tar.gz
	tar zxf git-annex-standalone-armel.tar.gz
	rm git-annex-standalone-armel.tar.gz
	git-annex.linux/runshell

Now you can set up a git-annex repository or two, to manage your
Android files. To avoid typing any more, you can start up the
git-annex webapp and set things up in there:

	git annex webapp

Or you can continue using git-annex at the command line. Here we'll make a
repository for photos:

	cd ~/storage/dcim
	git init
	git annex init

You can go on to set up a ssh remote pointing to a server, and sync
your files to and from it. 

And so on. Most ways you would use git-annex on a Linux system work fairly
well in this Termux environment.

## Starting on boot

If you install the Termux:Boot app, git-annex will also integrate with it.
Repositories you create with the webapp (or list in
~/.config/git-annex/autostart) will have the assistant started in them on
boot, so you don't need to start it manually.

## Known limitations

* Direct mode

  git-annex will probably default to direct mode due to the
  limitations of Android's /sdcard. You can get around this using v6
  unlocked repositories, or by putting the git-annex repository on a better
  filesystem on the Android device, such as your termux home directory.
