Scenario
--------

You are a new git-annex user. You have already files spread around many computers and wish to migrate those into git-annex, without having to recopy all files all over the place.

Let's say, for example, you have a server, named `marcos` and a workstation named `angela`. You have your audio collection stored in `/srv/mp3` in `marcos` and `~/mp3` on `angela`, but only `marcos` has all the files, and `angela` only has a subset.

We also assume that `marcos` has an SSH server.

How do you add all this stuff to git-annex?

Create the biggest git-annex repository
---------------------------------------

Start with `marcos`, with the complete directory:

    cd /srv/mp3
    git init
    git annex init
    git annex add .
    git commit -m"git annex yay"

This will checksum all files and add them to the `git-annex` branch of the git repository. Wait for this process to complete.

Create the smaller repo and synchronise
---------------------------------------

On `angela`, we want to synchronise the git annex metadata with `marcos`. We need to initialize a git repo with `marcos` as a remote:

    cd ~/mp3
    git init
    git remote add marcos marcos.example.com:/srv/mp3
    git fetch marcos
    git annex status # this should display the two repos
    git annex add .

This will, again, checksum all files and add them to git annex. Once that is done, you can verify that the files are really the same as marcos with `whereis`:

    git annex whereis

This should display something like:

    whereis Orange Seeds/I remember.wav (2 copies)
            b7802161-c984-4c9f-8d05-787a29c41cfe -- marcos (anarcat@marcos:/srv/mp3)
            c2ca4a13-9a5f-461b-a44b-53255ed3e2f9 -- here (anarcat@angela)
    ok

Once you are sure things went on okay, you can synchronise this with `marcos`:

    git annex sync

This will push the metadata information to marcos, so it knows which files are available on `angela`. From there on, you can freely get and move files between the two repos!

Importing files from a third directory
--------------------------------------

Say that some files on `angela` are actually spread out outside of the `~/mp3` directory. You can use the `git annex import` command to add those extra directories:

    cd ~/mp3
    git annex import ~/music/

(!) Be careful that `~/music` is not a git-annex repository, or this will [[destroy it!|bugs/git annex import destroys a fellow git annex repository]].

Deleting deleted files
----------------------

It is quite possible some files were removed (or renamed!) on `marcos` but not on `angela`, since it was synchronised only some time ago. A good way to find out about those files is to use the `--not --in` argument, for example, on `angela`:

    git annex whereis --in here --not --in marcos

This will show files that are on `angela` and not on `marcos`. They could be new files that were only added on `angela`, so be careful! A manual analysis is necessary, but let's say you are certain those files are not relevant anymore, you can delete them from `angela`:

    git annex drop <file>

If the file is a renamed or modified version from the original, you may need to use `--force`, but be careful! If you delete the wrong file, it will be lost forever!

> (!) Maybe this wouldn't happen with [[direct mode]] and an fsck? --[[anarcat]]
