git-annex has recently gotten support for running as a
[Tor](https://torproject.org/) hidden service. This is a nice secure
and easy to use way to connect repositories in different
locations. No account on a central server is needed; it's peer-to-peer.

## dependencies

To use this, you need to get Tor installed and running. See
[their website](https://torproject.org/), or try a command like:

	sudo apt-get install tor

You also need to install [Magic Wormhole](https://github.com/warner/magic-wormhole) -
here are [the installation instructions](https://magic-wormhole.readthedocs.io/en/latest/welcome.html#installation).

*Important:*

* At the time of writing, you need to install Magic Wormhole under Python 2,
  because [Tor support is only available under python2.7](https://magic-wormhole.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tor.html).

* The installation process must make a `wormhole` executable available
  somewhere on your `$PATH`.  Some distributions may only install executables
  which reference the Python version, e.g. `wormhole-2.7`, in which case you
  will need to manually create a symlink (and maybe file a bug with your distribution).

* You need git-annex version 6.20180705. Older versions of git-annex
  unfortunately had a bug that prevents this process from working correctly.

## pairing two repositories

You have two git-annex repositories on different computers, and want to
connect them together over Tor so they share their contents. Or, you and a
friend want to connect your repositories together. Pairing is an easy way
to accomplish this.

(The instructions below use the command line. If you or your friend would
rather avoid using the command line, follow the
[[webapp_walktrough|assistant/share_with_a_friend_walkthrough]]. It's fine
for one person to use the command line and the other to use the webapp.)

In each git-annex repository, run these commands:

	git annex enable-tor
	git annex remotedaemon

The enable-tor command may prompt for the root password, since it
configures Tor. Now git-annex is running as a Tor hidden service, but 
it will only talk to peers after pairing with them.

In both repositories, run this command:

	git annex p2p --pair

This will print out a pairing code, like "11-incredible-tumeric",
and prompt for you to enter the other repository's pairing code.

So you have to get in contact with your friend to exchange codes.
See the section below "how to exchange pairing codes" for tips on
how to do that securely.

Once the pairing codes are exchanged, the two repositories will be securely
connected to one-another via Tor. Each will have a git remote, with a name
like "peer1", which connects to the other repository. 

Then, you can run commands like `git annex sync peer1 --content` to sync
with the paired repository.

Pairing connects just two repositories, but you can repeat the process to
pair with as many other repositories as you like, in order to build up
larger networks of repositories.

## example session

Here's how it all looks:

	$ git annex enable-tor
	enable-tor
	  You will be prompted for root's password
	Password:
	
	  Tor hidden service is configured. Checking connection to it. This may take a few minutes.

	  Tor hidden service is working.
	ok
	$ git annex remotedaemon
	$ git annex p2p --pair
	p2p pair peer1 (using Magic Wormhole) 
	
	This repository's pairing code is: 11-incredible-tumeric
	
	Enter the other repository's pairing code: 1-revenue-icecream
	Exchanging pairing data...
	Successfully exchanged pairing data. Connecting to peer1...
	ok
	$ git annex sync peer1 --content
		commit 
	On branch master
	nothing to commit, working tree clean
	ok
	pull peer1 
	remote: Enumerating objects: 10, done.
	remote: Counting objects: 100% (10/10), done.
	remote: Compressing objects: 100% (7/7), done.
	remote: Total 8 (delta 0), reused 0 (delta 0)
	Unpacking objects: 100% (8/8), done.
	From tor-annex::wa3i6wgttmworwli.onion:5162
	   452db22..a894c60  git-annex  -> peer1/git-annex
	   c0ac431..44ca7f6  master     -> peer1/master
	
	Updating c0ac431..44ca7f6
	Fast-forward
	 amazing_file | 1 +
	 1 file changed, 1 insertion(+)
	 create mode 120000 amazing_file
	ok
	(merging peer1/git-annex into git-annex...)
	get amazing_file (from peer1...) 
	(checksum...) ok

## how to exchange pairing codes

When pairing with a friend's repository, you have to exchange
pairing codes. How to do this securely?

The pairing codes can only be used once, so it's ok to exchange them in
a way that someone else can access later. However, if someone can overhear
your exchange of codes in real time, they could trick you into pairing
with them.

Here are some suggestions for how to exchange the codes,
with the most secure ways first:

* In person.
* In an encrypted message (gpg signed email, Off The Record (OTR)
  conversation, etc).
* By a voice phone call.

## starting git-annex remotedaemon on boot

Notice the `git annex remotedaemon` being run in the above examples.
That command runs the Tor hidden service so that other peers
can connect to your repository over Tor.

So, you may want to arrange for the remotedaemon to be started on boot.
You can do that with a simple cron job:

	@reboot cd ~/myannexrepo && git annex remotedaemon

If you use the git-annex assistant, and have it auto-starting on boot, it
will take care of starting the remotedaemon for you.

## speed of large transfers

Tor prioritizes security over speed, and the Tor network only has so much
bandwidth to go around. So, distributing large quantities (gigabytes) 
of data over Tor may be slow, and should probably be avoided.

One way to avoid sending much data over tor is to set up an encrypted
[[special_remote|special_remotes]] someplace. git-annex knows that Tor is
rather expensive to use, so if a file is available on a special remote as
well as over Tor, it will download it from the special remote.

You can contribute to the Tor network by
[running a Tor relay or bridge](https://www.torproject.org/getinvolved/relays.html.en).

## onion addresses and authentication

You don't need to know about this, but it might be helpful to understand
how it works.

git-annex's Tor support uses onion address as the address of a git remote.
You can `git pull`, push, etc with those onion addresses:

	git pull tor-annnex::eeaytkuhaupbarfi.onion:4412
	git remote add peer1 tor-annnex::eeaytkuhaupbarfi.onion:4412

Onion addresses are semi-public. When you add a remote, they appear in your
`.git/config` file. For security, there's a second level of authentication
that git-annex uses to make sure that only people you want to can access
your repository over Tor. That takes the form of a long string of numbers
and letters, like "7f53c5b65b8957ef626fd461ceaae8056e3dbc459ae715e4".

The addresses generated by `git annex peer --gen-addresses` 
combine the onion address with the authentication data.

When you run `git annex peer --link`, it sets up a git remote using
the onion address, and it stashes the authentication data away in a file in
`.git/annex/creds/`

When you pair repositories, these addresses are exchanged using 
[Magic Wormhole](https://github.com/warner/magic-wormhole).

## security

Tor hidden services can be quite secure. But this doesn't mean that using
git-annex over Tor is automatically perfectly secure. Here are some things
to consider:

* Anyone who learns the onion address address and authentication data of a peer
  can connect to that peer, download the whole history of the git repository,
  and any available annexed files. They can also upload new files to the peer,
  and even remove annexed files from the peer. So consider ways that the
  authentication data of a peer might be exposed.

* While Tor can be used to anonymize who you are, git defaults to including
  your name and email address in git commit messages. So if you want an
  anonymous git-annex repository, you'll need to configure git not to do
  that.

* Using Tor prevents listeners from decrypting your traffic. But, they'll
  probably still know you're using Tor. Also, by traffic analysis,
  they may be able to guess if you're using git-annex over tor, and even
  make guesses about the sizes and types of files that you're exchanging
  with peers.

* There have been past attacks on the Tor network that have exposed
  who was running Tor hidden services.
  <https://blog.torproject.org/blog/tor-security-advisory-relay-early-traffic-confirmation-attack>

* An attacker who can connect to the git-annex Tor hidden service, even
  without authenticating, can try to perform denial of service attacks.

* Magic wormhole is pretty secure, but the code phrase could be guessed
  (unlikely) or intercepted. An attacker gets just one chance to try to enter
  the correct code phrase, before pairing finishes. If the attacker
  successfully guesses/intercepts both code phrases, they can MITM the
  pairing process.

  If you don't want to use magic wormhole, you can instead manually generate
  addresses with `git annex p2p --gen-addresses` and send them over an
  authenticated, encrypted channel (such as OTR) to a friend to add with
  `git annex p2p --link`. This may be more secure, if you get it right.
