In general, git-annex repositories that are "synchronized" (e.g. with
the [[git-annex-sync]] command, whatever the backend) have a global
namespace. Repositories will eventually converge to have very exactly
the same content, generally using git's push/pull/merge
mechanisms.

What if we do *not* wish to exactly have the same content across all
repositories, but still want to share some objects?

An example use case here is content (e.g. `.git/annex/objects` blobs)
sharing, without having to deliberately collaborate over a globally
consistent set of objects in the `master` branch. Think of a
decentralized [conference proceedings][] repository where each
conference could add their own content to a conference-specific
repository, while at the same time allowing a unified view in another,
more centralized repository, or allowing users to pick and choose
which conference they would want content from.

 [conference proceedings]: https://github.com/RichiH/conference_proceedings

While each repository could have its own distinct branch, all
repositories will see all those branches and this may affect content
retention, as git-annex may consider files to be "in use" because they
are on some remote branch, for example. Furthermore, I consider git
branching to be a rather advanced topic in git usage. While git-annex
uses those mechanisms (e.g. the `git-annex` and `sync/*` branches),
those are generally hidden from the user until something goes
wrong. Therefore I looked into providing a more straightforward
approach to this problem for my users and myself.

In my use case, I have the following repositories:

* repoA: my own curated media collection
* repoB: a third-party media collection

I do not wish for my local curated collection (repoA) to be completely
synchronized with the third-party collection (repoB). This is because
we may have different tastes and retention policies: while I archive
everything, there are certain media I am not interested in. On the
other hand repoB might keep only (say) the last month of media and
disard older content but have a more varied collection, which only a
subset is interesting to me. Yet I still want to access some of that
content!

So I did the following to add the third party repository:

    git remote add repoB example.net:repoB
    git annex sync --no-push repoB
    git annex get --from=repoB

This works well: I get the files from repoB locally. Of course, if
repoB expires some files, this will be impacted locally, but I can
always revert those choices without conflict, because I do not push
those back.

The downside of the `--no-push` option in [[git-annex-sync]] is that
it needs to be made explicit at each invocation of the
command. Furthermore, this option is not supported by the assistant,
which will happily sync the master branch to all remotes by default.

An alternative is to manually fetch and merge content:

    git fetch repoB
    git annex merge repoB
    git reset HEAD^
    # revert any possible changes upstream we don't want
    git commit

Needless to say this quickly becomes quite messy, but it's the amazing
level of control git and git-annex provides, which obviously comes
with its price in complexity. Such a method will also be ignored by
the assistant and further `sync` commands.

To make sure those principles are respected in the assistant or a
plain `git annex sync` that may mistakenly be ran in that repository,
I need some special setting. There are the options I considered, in
[.gitconfig](https://manpages.debian.org/git-config.1.en.html) or [[git-annex]]'s config options:

 * `remote.<name>.annex-ignore=true`: `sync` and `assistant` will not
   sync to the repository, but explicit `get --from=repoB` will still
   work. unclear if `sync repoB` will also push.
 * `remote.<name>.push=nothing`: git won't push by default, unless
   branches are explicitly given, which may actually be the case for
   git-annex, so unlikely to work.
 * `remote.<name>.pushurl=/dev/null`: will completely disable any push
   functionality to that remote. any sync will yield the following
   error:
   
       fatal: '/dev/null' does not appear to be a git repository
       [...]
       git-annex: sync: 1 failed

 * `remote.<name>.pushurl=.`: will push to the local repo
   instead. crude hack and may confuse the hell out of git-annex, but
   at least doesn't yield errors.

I've settled for the `pushurl=/dev/null` hack for now. A similar
approach is to make `repoB` read-only to the user. This however, may
trigger the activation of `annex-ignore` by git-annex and will
otherwise yield the same warnings as the `pushurl=/dev/null` hack.

Therefore, the best approach may be to have git-annex respect the
`remote.<name>.push=nothing` setting. Another approach would be to add
`remote.<name>.annex-push` and `remote.<name>.annex-pull` settings
that would match the `sync --[no-]push --[no-]pull` flags.

Note that this is similar in concept to
[[todo/Bittorrent-like_features]], although here we assumes you
already have some transport to share anything you need, yet still have
to address the question of semi-synchronized git repositories in some
way.

I would obviously welcome additional comments and questions on this
approach. -- [[anarcat]]
