[Gitolite](https://github.com/sitaramc/gitolite) is a git repository
manager. Here's how to add git-annex support to gitolite, so you can
`git annex copy` files to a gitolite repository, and `git annex get`
files from it.

A nice feature of using gitolite with git-annex is that users can be given
read-only access to a repository, and this allows them to `git annex get`
file contents, but not change anything.

First, you need new enough versions:

* the current `master` branch of gitolite works with git-annex (tested 2014-04-19),
  but v3.5.3 and earlier v3.x require use of the `git-annex` branch.
* gitolite 2.2 also works -- this version contains a git-annex-shell ADC
  and supports "ua" ADCs.
* git-annex 3.20111016 or newer needs to be installed on the gitolite
  server. Don't install an older version, it wouldn't be secure!

### Instructions for gitolite `master` branch

To setup gitolite to work with git-annex, you can follow the instructions on the gitolite website,
and just add `'git-annex-shell ua',` to the ENABLE list in `~/.gitolite.rc`.

Here are more detailed instructions:

1: Create a `git` user

<pre>
sudo adduser \
   --system \
   --shell /bin/bash \
   --gecos 'git version control' \
   --group \
   --disabled-password \
   --home /home/git git
</pre>

2: Copy a public SSH key for the user you want to be the gitolite administrator.
In the instructions below, I placed the key in a file named `/home/git/me.pub`. 

3: Clone and install gitolite

First switch to the `git` user (e.g. `sudo su - git`) and then run:

<pre>
cd
git clone https://github.com/sitaramc/gitolite.git
mkdir -p bin
./gitolite/install -ln
</pre>

4: Add `~/bin` to `PATH`

Make sure that `~/bin` is in the `PATH`, since that's where gitolite installed its binary.  Do something like this:

<pre>
echo 'export PATH=/home/git/bin:$PATH' >> .profile
export PATH=/home/git/bin:$PATH
</pre>

5: Configure gitolite

Edit `~/.gitolite.rc` to enable the git-annex-shell command.
Find the `ENABLE` list and add this line in there somewhere:

<pre>
'git-annex-shell ua',
</pre>

Now run gitolite's setup:

<pre>
gitolite setup -pk me.pub
rm me.pub
</pre>

### Instructions for gitolite 2.2

And here's how to set it up. The examples are for gitolite as installed
on Debian with apt-get, but the changes described can be made to any
gitolite installation, just with different paths.

Set `$GL_ADC_PATH` in `.gitolite.rc`, if you have not already done so.

<pre>
echo '$GL_ADC_PATH = "/usr/local/lib/gitolite/adc/";' >>~gitolite/.gitolite.rc
</pre>

Make the ADC directory, and a "ua" subdirectory.

<pre>   
mkdir -p /usr/local/lib/gitolite/adc/ua
</pre>

Install the git-annex-shell ADC into the "ua" subdirectory from the gitolie repository.

<pre>   
cd /usr/local/lib/gitolite/adc/ua/
cp gitolite/contrib/adc/git-annex-shell .
</pre>

Now all gitolite repositories can be used with git-annex just as any
ssh remote normally would be used. For example:

<pre>
# git clone gitolite@localhost:testing
Cloning into testing...
Receiving objects: 100% (18/18), done.
# cd testing
# git annex init
init  ok
# cp /etc/passwd my-cool-big-file
# git annex add my-cool-big-file
add my-cool-big-file ok
(Recording state in git...)
# git commit -m added
[master d36c8b4] added
 1 files changed, 1 insertions(+), 0 deletions(-)
 create mode 120000 my-cool-big-file
# git push --all
Counting objects: 17, done.
Delta compression using up to 2 threads.
Compressing objects: 100% (12/12), done.
Writing objects: 100% (14/14), 1.39 KiB, done.
Total 14 (delta 0), reused 1 (delta 0)
To gitolite@localhost:testing
   c552a38..db4653e  git-annex -> git-annex
   29cd204..d36c8b4  master -> master
# git annex copy --to origin
copy my-cool-big-file (checking origin...) (to origin...) 
WORM-s2502-m1318875140--my-cool-big-file
        2502 100%    0.00kB/s    0:00:00 (xfer#1, to-check=0/1)

sent 2606 bytes  received 31 bytes  1758.00 bytes/sec
total size is 2502  speedup is 0.95
ok
</pre>


### Troubleshooting

I got an error like this when setting up gitolite *after* setting up a local git repo and git annex:

<pre>
git-annex-shell: First run: git-annex init
Command ssh ["git@git.example.com","git-annex-shell 'configlist' '/~/myrepo.git'"] failed; exit code 1
</pre>

because I forgot to "git push --all" after adding the new gitolite remote.
