Now git-annex can be used on Android!

[[Documentation for using git-annex on Android|/android]]

## Android app

First, ensure your Android device is configured to allow installation
of the app. Go to Setup -&gt; Security, and enable "Unknown Sources".

[Download the git-annex.apk](http://downloads.kitenet.net/git-annex/android/current/)
onto your Android device, and open it to install.

## autobuilds

A daily build is also available, thanks to Mesar Hameed and the University
of Bath CS department.

* [download apk](http://downloads.kitenet.net/git-annex/autobuild/android/git-annex.apk) ([build logs](http://downloads.kitenet.net/git-annex/autobuild/android/))

## building it yourself

git-annex can be built from source for Android.

1. Run `standalone/android/buildchroot` as root (requires debootstrap).
   This builds a chroot with an `androidbuilder` user.
   The rest of the build will run in this chroot as that user.
2. Then run `standalone/android/install-haskell-packages`
   Note that this will break from time to time as new versions of packages
   are released, and the patches it applies have to be updated when
   this happens.
3. Finally, once the chroot is set up, you can build an Android binary
   with `make android`, and `make androidapp` will build the complete APK.

* You will need to have the Android SDK and NDK installed; see
  `standalone/android/Makefile` to configure the paths to them. You'll also
  need ant, and the JDK.
* You also need to install git and all the utilities listed on [[fromscratch]],
  on the system doing the building.
* Then to build the full Android app bundle, use `make androidapp`
