There is not yet a pre-built Docker image for git-annex. However, it's
easy to add it to an image.

For example:

	docker run -i -t joeyh/debian-unstable apt-get install git-annex

# containers for autobuilders

The git-annex Linux autobuilds are built using Docker containers.
Most of these are not published, but you can build your own. (See below.)

Since the Android autobuilder container can take quite a lot of work to get
built, it is published. `docker pull joeyh/git-annex-android-builder`

So's the armel autobuilder container. 
`docker pull joeyh/git-annex-armel-builder`, and its companion container
`docker pull joeyh/git-annex-armel-builder-companion`

# building autobuilder containers using Propellor

The Docker containers are built using
[Propellor](http://joeyh.name/code/propellor). To generate your own image,
Just install Propellor and add this to its `config.hs`:

[[!format haskell """
import qualified Propellor.Property.SiteSpecific.GitAnnexBuilder as GitAnnexBuilder

	, host "your.machine.net"
	        & Docker.configured
		& Docker.docked (GitAnnexBuilder.standardAutoBuilderContainer dockerImage "amd64" 15 "2h")
"""]]

This will autobuild every hour at :15, and the autobuilt image will be
left inside the container in /home/builder/gitbuilder/out/

# container for backport building

For building the Debian stable backport, the container
`joeyh/git-annex-wheezy-backport` is used. This is nothing special, it
just has the right versions of build dependencies installed from Debian
stable and backports.
