Landed two behavior changes in the past two days, which I wanted to mention
here.

First, special remotes configured with autoenable=yes will be auto-enabed
by the automatic git-annex initialization that it does in a clone of a
git-annex repo. Before, `git annex init` had to be run to "auto-enable"
them. Probably few people will notice this, unless a special remote somehow
takes too long to enable. May later have to add a timeout.

Second, a command like `git annex get foo` will complain if the specified
file or directory is not known to git. Lots of users have gotten confused
by why such a command would silently return without doing anything. 

Commands like `git annex get dir` will not complain about files in the
directory that are not under git's control, unless none of them are.
(Same behavior as eg `git commit dir`.) Mostly this change affects using
wildcards, or just being confused about a file not being checked into git.

Due to the potential to break some workflows, new behavior will only be
enabled for now annex.skipunknown is set to false. I plan to make that the
default in early 2022. (About a year delay seemed right generally but I
added some time due to the pandemic.) So if you prefer the original
behavior, you can just set annex.skipunknown true.

At least for now, git-annex will still skip over files that are checked
into git but are not annexed files. May make sense to change that too,
we'll see if users get confused by that like by the other skipping
behavior.
