Started the day by getting the builds updated for yesterday's release. This
included making it possible to build git-annex with Debian stable's version
of cryptohash. Also updated the Debian stable backport to the previous
release.

----

The [[design/roadmap]] has this month devoted to improving git-annex's
support for recovering from disasters, broken repos, and so on. Today I've
been working on the first thing on [[the_list|design/assistant/disaster_recovery]],
stale git index lock files.

It's unfortunate that git uses simple files for locking, and does not use
fcntl or flock to prevent the stale lock file problem. Perhaps they want
it to work on broken NFS systems? The problem with that line of thinking is
is means all non-broken systems end up broken by stale lock files. Not a
good tradeoff IMHO.

There are actually two lock files that can end up stale when using
git-annex; both `.git/index.lock` and `.git/annex/index.lock`. Today I
concentrated on the latter, because I saw a way to prevent it from ever
being a problem. All updates to that index file are done by git-annex when
committing to the git-annex branch. git-annex already uses fcntl locking
when manipulating its journal. So, that can be extended to also cover
committing to the git-annex branch, and then the git `index.lock` file
is irrelevant, and can just be removed if it exists when a commit is
started.

To ensure this makes sense, I used the type system to prove that the journal
locking was in effect everywhere I need it to be. Very happy I was able to
do that, although I am very much a novice at using the type system for
interesting proofs. But doing so made it very easily to build up to a point
where I could unlink the `.git/annex/index.lock` and be sure it was safe to do
that.

----

What about stale `.git/index.lock` files? I don't think it's appropriate
for git-annex to generally recover from those, because it would change
regular git command line behavior, and risks breaking something. However, I
do want the assistant to be able to recover if such a file exists when it
is starting up, since that would prevent it from running. Implemented that
also today, although I am less happy with the way the assistant detects
when this lock file is stale, which is somewhat heuristic (but should work
even on networked filesystems with multiple writing machines).

----

Today's work was sponsored by Torbjørn Thorsen.
