Started by tracking down a strange bug that was apparently
ubuntu-specific and caused git-annex branch changes to get committed to
master. Root cause turned out to failing to recover from an
exception. I'm kicking myself about that, because I remember looking at the
code where the bug was at least twice before and thinking "hmm, should add
exception handling here? nah..". Exceptions are horrible.

Made a release with a fix for that and a few minor other accumulated
changes since last Friday's release. The pain point of this release is to
fix building without the webapp (so it will propigate to Debian testing,
etc). This release does not include the direct mode guard, so I'll have a
few weeks until the next release to get that tested.

Fixed the test suite in `directguard`. This branch is now nearly ready to
merge to master, but one command that is badly needed in guarded direct
mode is "git status". So I am planning to rename "git annex status" to
"git annex info", and make "git annex status" display something similar
to "git status".

Also took half an hour and added optional [[EKG]] support to git-annex.
This is a Haskell library that can add a terrific monitoring console web
UI to any program in 2 lines of code. Here we can see the git-annex
webapp using resources at startup, followed in a few seconds by the
assistant's startup scan of the repository.

[[!img ekg/ekg.png]]

BTW, Kevin tells me that the machine used to build git-annex for OSX is
going to be upgraded to 10.9 soon. So, hopefully I'll be making autobuilds
of that. I may have to stop the 10.8.2 autobuilds though.

----

Today's work was sponsored by [Protonet](http://protonet.info/).
