I've switched over to mostly working on Windows porting in the evenings
when bored, with days spent on other git-annex stuff. So, getting back to
the planned [[design/roadmap]] for this month..

Set up a [tip4commit for git-annex](http://tip4commit.com/projects/152).
Anyone who gets a commit merged in will receive a currently small amount of
bitcoin. This would almost be a good way to encourage more committers
other than me, by putting say, half the money I have earmarked for that into
the tip jar. The problem is, I make too many commits myself, so most of the
money would be quickly tipped back out to me! I have gotten in touch with the
tip4commit people, and hope they will give me a way to blacklist
myself from being tipped.

Designed a [[design/external_special_remote_protocol]] that seems pretty
good for first-class special remotes implemented outside git-annex.
It's moderately complicated on the git-annex side to make it simple and
flexible on the special remote side, but I estimate only a few days to build
it once I have the design finalized.

# windows

Tested the autobuilt windows webapp. It works! Sorted out some issues with
the bundled libraries.

Reworked how `git annex transferkeys` communicates, to make it easier to
port it to Windows. Narrowly managed to avoid needing to write Haskell
bindings to Windows's equivilant of `pipe(2)`. I think the Windows
assistant can transfer keys now. and the webapp UI may even be able to be
used to stop transfers. Needs testing.

Investigated what I'll need to get XMPP working on Windows. Most of the
libs are available in cygwin, but gsasl would need to be built from source.
Also some kind of space-in-path problem is preventing cabal installing some
of the necessary dependencies.
