I noticed a large drop in bug reports and comments on the git-annex website
over the holiday period of December. At first I thought this was just due
to the holidays, even though holidays are often busy times for free
software projects since lots of people have more time. But, traffic is
still down this week, and several people emailed me about problems logging
into the website.

So, lacking much detail at all about what people were doing that didn't
work, I've the past day and a some trying to guess at and reproduce
the problem. And I think I have, <http://ikiwiki.info/bugs/login_problem/>,
and once reproduced it was of course easily fixed.

If you tried to post something and got a login prompt instead of seeing it
on the website, now would be a good time to post it again.

If you still have login problems with the website (other than openid which
has lot of broken providers and badly specified protocol and stuff), please
get in touch and try to provide enough detail to reproduce the problem, cuz
my guessing muscles are feeling sprained after this experience.

In the meantime, there has still been git-annex development happening.
I added a new `git annex inprogress` command over the holidays that 
allows doing things like streaming videos while `git annex get` is still
downloading them. Several fixes to problems with the switch to youtube-dl 
are fixed, core.sharedRepository is handled better, and the cabal file's
custom-setup stanza was added back after quite a lot of refactoring of
library code.

---

Today's work was sponsored by an anonymous bitcoin donor.
