Had planned to spend all day not working on git-annex and instead getting
caught up on conference videos. However, got a little bit multitasky while
watching those, and started investigating why, last time I worked on
Windows port, git-annex was failing to link. 

A good thing to do while watching conference videos since it involved lots of 
test builds with different flags. Eventially solved it. 
Building w/o WebDAV avoids crashing the compiler anyhow.

Thought I'd try the resulting binary and see if perhaps I had forgotten to
use the threaded RTS when I was running ghc by hand to link it last time,
and perhaps that was why threads
[[seemed to have hung|day_56__git-annex_user_survey]] back then.

It was. This became clear when I saw a "deadlocked indefinitely in MVar"
error message, which tells me that it's at least using the threaded RTS.
So, I fixed that, and a few other minor things, and ran this command
in a DOS prompt box:

	git annex watch --force --foreground --debug

And I've been making changes to files in that repository, and amazingly,
the watcher is noticing them, and committing them!

So, I was almost entirely there to a windows port of the watcher a month
ago, and didn't know. It has some rough edges, including not doing anything
to check if a newly created file is open for write when adding it, and
getting the full assistant ported will be more work, and the full webapp
may be a whole other set of problems, but this is a quite nice milestone
for the Windows port.
