Yesterday I did a little more investigation of key/value stores.
I'd love a pure haskell key/value store that didn't buffer everything in
memory, and that allowed concurrent readers, and was ACID, and production
quality. But so far, I have not found anything that meets all those
criteria. It seems that sqlite is the best choice for now.

Started working on the `database` branch today. The plan is to use
sqlite for incremental fsck first, and if that works well, do the rest
of what's planned in [[design/caching_database]].

At least for now, I'm going to use a dedicated database file for each
different thing. (This may not be as space-efficient due to lacking
normalization, but it keeps things simple.) 

So, .git/annex/fsck.db will be used by incremental fsck, and it has
a super simple Persistent database schema:

[[!format haskell """
Fscked
  key SKey
  UniqueKey key
"""]]

It was pretty easy to implement this and make incremental fsck use it. The
hard part is making it both fast and robust.

At first, I was doing everything inside a single `runSqlite` action.
Including creating the table. But, it turns out that runs as a single
transaction, and if it was interrupted, this left the database in a
state where it exists, but has no tables. Hard to recover from.

So, I separated out creating the database, made that be done in a separate
transation and fully atomically. Now `fsck --incremental` could be crtl-c'd
and resumed with `fsck --more`, but it would lose the transaction and so
not remember anything had been checked.

To fix that, I tried making a separate transation per file fscked. That
worked, and it resumes nicely where it left off, but all those transactions
made it much slower.

To fix the speed, I made it commit just one transaction per minute. This
seems like an ok balance. Having fsck re-do one minute's work when restarting
an interrupted incremental fsck is perfectly reasonable, and now the speed,
using the sqlite database, is nearly as fast as the old sticky bit hack was.
(Specifically, 6m7s old vs 6m27s new, fscking 37000 files from cold cache
in --fast mode.)

There is still a problem with multiple concurrent `fsck --more`
failing. Probably a concurrent writer problem? And, some porting will be
required to get sqlite and persistent working on Windows and Android.
So the branch isn't ready to merge yet, but it seems promising.

In retrospect, while incremental fsck has the simplest database schema, it
might be one of the harder things listed in [[design/caching_database]], 
just because it involves so many writes to the database. The other use
cases are more read heavy.
