Worked today on making incremental fsck's use of sqlite be safe with
multiple concurrent fsck processes.

The first problem was that having `fsck --incremental` running and starting a
new `fsck --incremental` caused it to crash. And with good reason, since
starting a new incremental fsck deletes the old database, the old process
was left writing to a datbase that had been deleted and recreated out from
underneath it. Fixed with some locking.

Next problem is harder. Sqlite doesn't support multiple concurrent writers
at all. One of them will fail to write. It's not even possible to have two
processes building up separate transactions at the same time. Before using
sqlite, incremental fsck could work perfectly well with multiple fsck
processes running concurrently. I'd like to keep that working.

My partial solution, so far, is to make git-annex buffer writes, and every
so often send them all to sqlite at once, in a transaction. So most of the
time, nothing is writing to the database. (And if it gets unlucky and
a write fails due to a collision with another writer, it can just wait and
retry the write later.) This lets multiple processes write to the database
successfully.

But, for the purposes of concurrent, incremental fsck, it's not ideal.
Each process doesn't immediately learn of files that another process has
checked. So they'll tend to do redundant work. Only way I can see to
improve this is to use some other mechanism for short-term IPC between the
fsck processes.

----

Also, I made `git annex fsck --from remote --incremental` use a different
database per remote. This is a real improvement over the sticky bits;
multiple incremental fscks can be in progress at once, 
checking different remotes.
