Fixed one howler of a bug today. Turns out that
`git annex fsck --all --from remote` didn't actually check the content of
the remote, but checked the local repository. Only `--all` was buggy;
`git annex fsck --from remote` was ok. Don't think this is crash priority
enough to make a release for, since only `--all` is affected.

Somewhat uncomfortably made `git annex sync` pass
`--allow-unrelated-histories` to git merge. While I do think that git's
recent refusal to merge unrelated histories is good in general, the
problem is that initializing a direct mode repository involves making an
empty commit. So merging from a remote into such a direct mode repository
means merging unrelated histories, while an indirect mode repository doesn't.
Seems best to avoid such inconsistencies, and the only way I could see to
do it is to always use `--allow-unrelated-histories`. May revisit this once
direct mode is finally removed.

Using the git-annex arm standalone bundle on some WD NAS boxes used to
work, and then it seems they changed their kernel to use a nonstandard page
size, and broke it. This actually seems to be a 
[bug in the gold linker](http://bugs.debian.org/844467), which defaults to an
unncessarily small page size on arm. The git-annex arm bundle is being
adjusted to try to deal with this.

ghc 8 made `error` include some backtrace information. While it's really
nice to have backtraces for unexpected exceptions in Haskell, it turns
out that git-annex used `error` a lot with the intent of showing an error
message to the user, and a backtrace clutters up such messages. So,
bit the bullet and checked through every `error` in git-annex and made such
ones not include a backtrace.

Also, I've been considering what protocol to use between git-annex nodes
when communicating over tor. One way would be to make it very similar to
`git-annex-shell`, using rsync etc, and possibly reusing code from
git-annex-shell. However, it can take a while to make a connection across
the tor network, and that method seems to need a new connection for each
file transfered etc. Also thought about using a http based protocol. The
servant library is great for that, you get both http client and server
implementations almost for free. Resuming interrupted transfers might
complicate it, and the hidden service side would need to listen on a unix
socket, instead of the regular http port. It might be worth it to use http
for tor, if it could be reused for git-annex http servers not on the tor
network. But, then I'd have to make the http server support git pull and
push over http in a way that's compatable with how git uses http, including
authentication. Which is a whole nother ball of complexity. So, I'm leaning
instead to using a simple custom protocol something like:

		> AUTH $localuuid $token
		< AUTH-OK $remoteuuid
		> SENDPACK $length
		> $gitdata
		< RECVPACK $length
		< $gitdata
		> GET $pos $key
		< SENDING $length
		< $bytes
		> GET-OK
		> PUT $key
		< SEND $pos
		> SENDING $length
		> $bytes
		< PUT-OK

Today's work was sponsored by Riku Voipio.
