Pushed a release today. Rest of day spent beating head against Windows XMPP
brick wall.

Actually made a lot of progress -- Finally found the right approach, and
got a clean build of the XMPP haskell libraries. But.. ghc fails to
load the libraries when running Template Haskell. 
"Misaligned section: 18206e5b".
Filed [a bug report](https://ghc.haskell.org/trac/ghc/ticket/8830), 
and I'm sure this alignment problem can be fixed,
but I'm not hopeful about fixing it myself.

One workaround would be to use the EvilSplicer, building once without the
XMPP library linked in, to get the TH splices expanded, and then a second
time with the XMPP library and no TH. Made a `winsplicehack` branch with
tons of ifdefs that allows doing this. However, several dozen haskell libraries
would need to be patched to get it to work. I have the patches from
Android, but would rather avoid doing all that again on Windows.

Another workaround would be to move XMPP into a separate process from the
webapp. This is not very appealing either, the IPC between them would be
fairly complicated since the webapp does stuff like show lists of XMPP
buddies, etc. But, one thing this idea has to recommend it is I am already
considering using a separate helper daemon like this for
[[design/assistant/Telehash]].

So there could be synergies between XMPP and Telehash support, possibly
leading to some kind of plugin interface in git-annex for this sort of
thing. But then, once Telehash or something like it is available and
working well, I plan to deprecate XMPP entirely. It's been a flakey pain
from the start, so that can't come too soon.
