Help make git-annex better!

## wiki gardening

This website is a wiki, so you can edit and improve any page.

Or, write a [[new_tip|tips]] explaining how to accomplish something with
git-annex.

## advanced wiki editing

To make larger changes to the website, you can 
`git clone git://git-annex.branchable.com/ git-annex` and will find the
whole website source in `doc/`.

You can even `git push` doc-only changes back without authentication,
since it is a wiki!

## bug triage

People often file [[bugs]] on git-annex that are easily resolved by helping
them with a problem, and perhaps writing some documentation.

Many bugs are also filed without enough information
to reproduce the problem, and need to be tagged moreinfo and a comment
posted asking the submitter for details.

Joey spends a lot of time dealing with this kind of bug triage. If you can
take the time to pick a bug that is not marked as "confirmed" or "moreinfo"
from the list of [[bugs]], try to reproduce it and follow up either
confirming that the problem exists, or asking the submitter for more info,
you'll make Joey more productive!

## code contributions

[[download]] the source code, [[build|install/fromsource]] it
and send patches!

If you know Haskell, git-annex has lots of Haskell code that
could be improved. See the [[coding_style]] and have at it.

If you don't know Haskell, git-annex has many other coding opportunities.
You could work to improve the Android port (Java etc) or improve the
Javascript and CSS of the git-annex webapp, or work on porting libraries
needed by the Windows port.

To send patches, either include the patch in a [[bug|bugs]] report (small
patch) or put up a branch in a git repository containing your changes.

## learning some Haskell

Want to learn some Haskell to get hacking on git-annex?

As Haskell programs go, git-annex does not use too many advanced features.
[Learn You A Haskell](http://learnyouahaskell.com/) will teach you enough
to get started.

Of course git-annex does use monads, and particularly the `Annex``monad
which gives access to its state about the git repository as well as
lower-level IO.
