# NAME

git-annex testremote - test transfers to/from a remote

# SYNOPSIS

git annex testremote `remote`

# DESCRIPTION

This tests a remote by sending objects to it, downloading objects from it,
etc.

It's safe to run in an existing repository (the repository contents are
not altered), although it may perform expensive data transfers.

It's best to make a new remote for testing purposes. While the test
tries to clean up after itself, if the remote being tested had a bug,
the cleanup might fail, leaving test data in the remote. Also,
some special remotes don't support removal of data that has been stored 
in them, so test data won't be able to be cleaned up when testing those.

Testing will use the remote's configuration, automatically varying
the chunk sizes, and with simple shared encryption disabled and enabled,
and exporttree disabled and enabled. If the remote is readonly, testing
is limited to checking various properties of downloading from it.

# OPTIONS

* `--fast`

  Perform a smaller set of tests.

* `--test-readonly=file`

  Normally, random objects are generated for the test and are sent to the
  remote. When a readonly remote is being tested, that cannot be done,
  and so you need to specify some annexed files to use in the testing,
  using this option. Their content needs to be present in the readonly remote
  being tested, and in the local repository.

  This option can be repeated.

* `--size=NUnits`

  Tune the base size of generated objects. The default is 1MiB.

* Also the [[git-annex-common-options]](1) can be used.

# SEE ALSO

[[git-annex]](1)

[[git-annex-test]](1)

# AUTHOR

Joey Hess <id@joeyh.name>

Warning: Automatically converted into a man page by mdwn2man. Edit with care.
