# NAME

git-annex addcomputed - adds computed files to the repository

# SYNOPSIS

git annex addcomputed `--to=remote [--input name=file ...] [--value name=value ...] [--output name=file ...]`

git annex addcomputed `--describe=remote`

# DESCRIPTION

Adds files to the annex that are computed from input files and values,
using a compute special remote.

For example, this adds a file `foo.jpeg` to the repository. It is computed
by the "photoconv" compute remote, based on an input file, `foo.raw`. A
configurable "passes" value is set to 10 when computing the file.

    git-annex addcomputed --to photoconv \
        --input raw=foo.raw --output photo=foo.jpeg \
        --value passes=10

There can be more than one input file that are combined to compute an
output file. And multiple output files can be computed at the same time.

The output files are added to the repository as annexed files.
Once a file has been added to a compute remote, commands
like `git-annex get` will use it to compute the content of the file.
It is also possible to use commands like `git-annex drop` on the file,
with the compute remote being counted as one copy of it.

# OPTIONS

* `--to=remote`

  Specify which remote will compute the files. 

  This must be a compute remote. For example, one can be
  initialized with:

    git-annex initremote photoconv type=compute \
        program=git-annex-compute-photoconv

  For details about compute remotes, and a list of some
  of the programs that are available, see
  <https://git-annex.branchable.com/special_remotes/compute/>

* `--input name=file`

  Provide a file as input to the computation, with the specified input name.

  The input file can be an annexed file, or a file stored in git.

* `--output name=file`

  Add the output of the computation to the repository as an annexed file,
  with the specified filename.

* `--value name=value`

  Provide a value to the computation, with the specified name.

* `--describe=remote`

  Describe all inputs, outputs, and values supported by a compute remote.

  For a machine-readable list, use this with `--json`.

* `--fast`

  Adds computed files to the repository, without generating their content
  yet. 

* `--unreproducible`

  Indicate that the computation is not expected to be fully reproducible.
  It can vary, in ways that produce files that equivilant enough to
  be interchangeable, but are not necessarily identical.

  This is the default unless the compute remote indicates that it produces
  reproducible output.

* `--reproducible`, `-r`

  Indicate that the computation is expected to be fully reproducible.

  This is the default when the compute remote indicates that it produces
  reproducible output.

  If a computation turns out not to be fully reproducible, then getting
  the file from the compute remote will later fail with a checksum
  verification error. One thing that can be done then is to use 
  `git-annex recompute --unreproducible`.

*  Also the [[git-annex-common-options]](1) can be used.

# SEE ALSO

[[git-annex]](1)

[[git-annex-recompute]](1)

# AUTHOR

Joey Hess <id@joeyh.name>

Warning: Automatically converted into a man page by mdwn2man. Edit with care.
