# NAME

git-annex recompute - recompute computed files

# SYNOPSIS

git-annex recompute [path ...]`

# DESCRIPTION

This updates computed files that were added with
[[git-annex-addcomputed]](1). 

By default, this only recomputes files whose input files have changed.
The new contents of the input files are used to re-run the computation.

When the output of the computation is different, the computed file is
updated with the new content.

# OPTIONS

* `--original`

  Re-run the computation with the original input files.

* `--remote=name`

  Only recompute files that were computed by this compute remote.

  When this option is not used, all computed files are recomputed using
  whatever compute remote was originally used to add them. In cases where
  a file can be computed by multiple remotes, the one with the lowest
  configured cost will be used.

* `--unreproducible`, `-u`

  Indicate that the computation is not expected to be fully reproducible.
  It can vary, in ways that produce files that equivilant enough to
  be interchangeable, but are not necessarily identical.

  This is the default unless the compute remote indicates that it produces
  reproducible output.

* `--reproducible`, `-r`

  Indicate that the computation is expected to be fully reproducible.

  This is the default when the compute remote indicates that it produces
  reproducible output.

* matching options

  The [[git-annex-matching-options]](1) can be used to control what
  files to recompute.

*  Also the [[git-annex-common-options]](1) can be used.

# SEE ALSO

[[git-annex]](1)

[[git-annex-addcomputed]](1)

# AUTHOR

Joey Hess <id@joeyh.name>

Warning: Automatically converted into a man page by mdwn2man. Edit with care.
