# NAME

git-annex importfeed - import files from podcast feeds

# SYNOPSIS

git annex importfeed `[url ...]`

# DESCRIPTION

Imports the contents of podcasts and other rss and atom feeds. Only
downloads files whose content has not already been added to the repository
before, so you can delete, rename, etc the resulting files and repeated
runs won't duplicate them.

When `yt-dlp` is installed, it can be used to download links in the feed.
This allows importing e.g., YouTube playlists.
(However, this is disabled by default as it can be a security risk. 
See the documentation of annex.security.allowed-ip-addresses
in [[git-annex]](1) for details.)

To make the import process add metadata to the imported files from the feed,
`git config annex.genmetadata true`

By default, the downloaded files are put in a directory with the title
of the feed, and files are named based on the title of the item in the
feed. This can be changed using the --template option.

Existing files are not overwritten by this command. If "some feed/foo.mp3"
already exists, it will instead write to "some feed/2\_foo.mp3"
(or 3, 4, etc). Sometimes a feed will change an item's url,
resulting in the new url being downloaded to such a filename.

# OPTIONS

* `--force`

  Force downloading items it's seen before.

* `--relaxed`, `--fast`, `--raw`, `--raw-except`

  These options behave the same as when using [[git-annex-addurl]](1).

* `--fast`

  Avoid immediately downloading urls. The url is still checked
  (via HEAD) to verify that it exists, and to get its size if possible.

* `--relaxed`

  Don't immediately download urls, and avoid storing the size of the
  url's content. This makes git-annex accept whatever content is there
  at a future point.

* `--raw`

  Prevent special handling of urls by yt-dlp, bittorrent, and other
  special remotes. This will for example, make importfeed
  download a .torrent file and not the contents it points to.

* `--no-raw`

  Require content pointed to by the url to be downloaded using yt-dlp
  or a special remote, rather than the raw content of the url. if that
  cannot be done, the import will fail, and the next import of the feed
  will retry.

* `--scrape`

  Rather than downloading the url and parsing it as a rss/atom feed
  to find files to import, uses yt-dlp to screen scrape the equivilant
  of a feed, and imports what it found.

* `--template`

  Controls where the files are stored.

  The default template is '${feedtitle}/${itemtitle}${extension}'
  
  The available variables in the template include these that
  are information about the feed: feedtitle, feedauthor, feedurl

  And these that are information about individual items in the feed:
  itemtitle, itemauthor, itemsummary, itemdescription, itemrights,
  itemid.

  Also, title is itemtitle but falls back to feedtitle if the item has no
  title, and author is itemauthor but falls back to feedauthor.

  (All of the above are also added as metadata when annex.genmetadata is
  set.)

  The extension variable is the extension of the file in the feed,
  or sometimes ".m" if no extension can be determined.

  The template also has some variables for when an item was published.
  
  itempubyear (YYYY), itempubmonth (MM), itempubday (DD), itempubhour (HH),
  itempubminute (MM), itempubsecond (SS),
  itempubdate (YYYY-MM-DD or if the feed's date cannot be parsed, the raw
  value from the feed).
  
  (These use the UTC time zone, not the local time zone.)

* `--no-check-gitignore`

  By default, gitignores are honored and it will refuse to download an
  url to a file that would be ignored. This makes such files be added
  despite any ignores.

* `--jobs=N` `-JN`

  Runs multiple downloads parallel. For example: `-J4`  

  Setting this to "cpus" will run one job per CPU core.

* `--backend`

  Specifies which key-value backend to use.

* `--json`

  Enable JSON output. This is intended to be parsed by programs that use
  git-annex. Each line of output is a JSON object.

* `--json-progress`

  Include progress objects in JSON output.

* `--json-error-messages`

  Messages that would normally be output to standard error are included in
  the JSON instead.

* Also the [[git-annex-common-options]](1) can be used.

# SEE ALSO

[[git-annex]](1)

[[git-annex-addurl]](1)

# AUTHOR

Joey Hess <id@joeyh.name>

Warning: Automatically converted into a man page by mdwn2man. Edit with care.
