# NAME

git-annex maxsize - configure maximum size of a repository

# SYNOPSIS

git annex maxsize repository size

git annex maxsize repository

git annex maxsize

# DESCRIPTION

This configures the maximum combined size of annexed files that can be
stored in a repository. When run with a repository but without a size,
it displays the currently configured maxsize. When run without any
parameters, it displays an overview of the size and maxsize of all
repositories.

The repository can be specified by git remote name or
by uuid. For the current repository, use "here".

The size can be specified using any units. For example "100 gigabytes" or
"0.8TB"

This is advisory only, it does not prevent git-annex from trying to store
more data in a repository. When a repository has a preferred content
expression configured using "balanced" or "sizebalanced", it will take the
maxsize into account when checking preferred content. It is still possible
for the maxsize to be exceeded, eg when there are multiple writers to the
same repository.

A hard repository size limit has to be enforced in some other way,
eg by putting the repository on a partition of the desired size.
This command can then be used to tell git-annex about that size limit.

For example, if a git repository is on a 1 terabyte drive, and is the only
thing stored on that drive, and `annex.diskreserve` is configured to 1
gigabyte, then it would make sense to run
`git-annex maxsize here "999 gigabytes"`

# OPTIONS

* `--bytes`  

  Displays the maximum size in bytes, disabling the default nicer units.

* `--json`

  Enable JSON output.

* The [[git-annex-common-options]](1) can also be used.

# SEE ALSO

[[git-annex]](1)

[[git-annex-preferred-content]](1)

# AUTHOR

Joey Hess <id@joeyh.name>

Warning: Automatically converted into a man page by mdwn2man. Edit with care.
