# NAME

git-annex add - adds files to the git annex

# SYNOPSIS

git annex add `[path ...]`

# DESCRIPTION

Adds the specified files to the annex. If a directory is specified,
acts on all files inside the directory and its subdirectories.
If no path is specified, adds files from the current directory and below.

Files that are already checked into git and are unmodified, or that
git has been configured to ignore will be silently skipped.

If annex.largefiles is configured, and does not match a file, 
`git annex add` will behave the same as `git add` and add the
non-large file directly to the git repository, instead of to the annex.

Large files are added to the annex in locked form, which prevents further
modification of their content unless unlocked by [[git-annex-unlock]](1).
(This is not the case however when a repository is in a filesystem not
supporting symlinks.)
To add a file to the annex in unlocked form, `git add` can be used instead.

This command can also be used to add symbolic links, both symlinks to
annexed content, and other symlinks.

# OPTIONS

* `--include-dotfiles`

  Dotfiles are skipped unless explicitly listed, or unless this option is
  used.

* `--force`

  Add gitignored files.

* `--backend`

  Specifies which key-value backend to use.

* file matching options

  Many of the [[git-annex-matching-options]](1)
  can be used to specify files to add.

  For example: `--largerthan=1GB`

* `--jobs=N` `-JN`

  Adds multiple files in parallel. This may be faster.
  For example: `-J4`  

  Setting this to "cpus" will run one job per CPU core.

* `--update` `-u`

  Like `git add --update`, this does not add new files, but any updates
  to tracked files will be added to the index.

* `--json`

  Enable JSON output. This is intended to be parsed by programs that use
  git-annex. Each line of output is a JSON object.

* `--json-progress`

  Include progress objects in JSON output.

* `--json-error-messages`

  Messages that would normally be output to standard error are included in
  the json instead.

* `--batch`

  Enables batch mode, in which a file to add is read in a line from stdin,
  the file is added, and repeat.

  Note that if a file is skipped (due to not existing, being gitignored,
  already being in git, or doesn't meet the matching options), 
  an empty line will be output instead of the normal output produced
  when adding a file.

* `-z`

  Makes the `--batch` input be delimited by nulls instead of the usual
  newlines.

# SEE ALSO

[[git-annex]](1)

[[git-annex-unlock]](1)

[[git-annex-lock]](1)

[[git-annex-undo]](1)

[[git-annex-import]](1)

[[git-annex-unannex]](1)

[[git-annex-reinject]](1)

# AUTHOR

Joey Hess <id@joeyh.name>

Warning: Automatically converted into a man page by mdwn2man. Edit with care.
