# NAME

git-annex satisfy - transfer and drop content as configured

# SYNOPSIS

git annex satisfy `[remote ...]`

# DESCRIPTION

This transfers and drops content of annexed files to work toward satisfying
the preferred content settings of the local repository and remotes.

It does the same thing as `git-annex sync --content` without the pulling
and pushing of git repositories, and without changing the trees that are
imported to or exported from special remotes.

Note that it (like [[git-annex-sync]] or [[git-annex-assist]]) does not work
specifically towards satisfying the [[git-annex-numcopies]] setting,
unless the preferred content setting of the local repository is written to
do so by using eg `approxlackingcopies=1`.

# OPTIONS

* `[remote]`

  By default this command operates on all remotes, except for remotes
  that have `remote.<name>.annex-sync` set to false.

  By specifying the names of remotes (or remote groups), you can control
  which ones to operate on.

* `--content-of=path` `-C path`

  Operate on only files in the specified path. The default is to operate on
  all files in the working tree.

  This option can be repeated multiple times with different paths.

  Note that this option does not prevent exporting other files to an 
  "exporttree=yes" remote.

* `--jobs=N` `-JN`

  Enables parallel processing with up to the specified number of jobs
  running at once. For example: `-J10`

  Setting this to "cpus" will run one job per CPU core.

* `--all` `-A`

  Usually this command operates on annexed files in the current branch.
  This option makes it operate on all available versions of all annexed files
  (when preferred content settings allow).

  Note that preferred content settings that use `include=` or `exclude=`
  will only match the version of files currently in the work tree, but not
  past versions of files.

* Also the [[git-annex-common-options]](1) can be used.

# SEE ALSO

[[git-annex]](1)

[[git-annex-sync]](1)

[[git-annex-preferred-content]](1)

# AUTHOR

Joey Hess <id@joeyh.name>

Warning: Automatically converted into a man page by mdwn2man. Edit with care.
