# NAME

git-annex multicast - multicast file distribution

# SYNOPSIS

git annex multicast [options]

# DESCRIPTION

Multicast allows files to be broadcast to multiple receivers,
typically on a single local network.

The uftp program is used for multicast.
<http://uftp-multicast.sourceforge.net/>

# OPTIONS

* `--gen-address`

  Generates a multicast encryption key and stores a corresponding multicast
  address to the git-annex branch.

* `--send [file]`

  Sends the specified files to any receivers whose multicast addresses
  are stored in the git-annex branch.

  When no files are specified, all annexed files in the current directory
  and subdirectories are sent.

  The [[git-annex-matching-options]](1) can be used to control which files to
  send. For example:

	git annex multicast send . --not --copies 2

* `--receive`

  Receives files from senders whose multicast addresses
  are stored in the git-annex brach.

  As each file is received, its filename is displayed. This is the filename
  that the sender used; the local working tree may use a different name
  for the file, or not contain a link to the file.

  This command continues running, until it is interrupted by you pressing
  ctrl-c.

  Note that the configured annex.diskreserve is not honored by this
  command, because `uftpd` receives the actual files, and can receive
  any size file.

* `--uftp-opt=option` `-Uoption`

  Pass an option on to the uftp/uftpd command. May be specified multiple
  times.

  For example, to broadcast at 50 Mbps:

	git annex multicast send -U-R -U50000

* Also the [[git-annex-common-options]](1) can be used.

# EXAMPLE

Suppose a teacher wants to multicast files to students in a classroom.

This assumes that the teacher and students have cloned a git-annex
repository, and both can push changes to its git-annex branch,
or otherwise push changes to each-other.

First, the teacher runs `git annex multicast --gen-address; git annex sync`

Next, students each run `git annex multicast --gen-address; git annex sync`

Once all the students have generated addresses, the teacher runs
`git annex sync` once more. (Now the students all have received the
teacher's address, and the teacher has received all the student's addresses.)

Next students each run `git annex multicast --receive`

Finally, once the students are all listening (ahem), teacher runs
`git annex multicast --send`

# SEE ALSO

[[git-annex]](1)

uftp(1)

uftpd(1)

# AUTHOR

Joey Hess <id@joeyh.name>

Warning: Automatically converted into a man page by mdwn2man. Edit with care.
