# NAME

git-annex test - run built-in test suite

# SYNOPSIS

git annex test

# DESCRIPTION

This runs git-annex's built-in test suite.

The test suite runs in the `.t` subdirectory of the current directory.

It can be useful to run the test suite on different filesystems,
or to verify your local installation of git-annex.

# OPTIONS
      
There are several options, provided by Haskell's tasty test
framework. Pass --help for details about those.

* `--jobs=N` `-JN`

  How many tests to run in parallel. The default is "cpus", which will
  runs one job per CPU core.

* `--keep-failures`

  When there are test failures, leave the `.t` directory populated with
  repositories that demonstate the failures, for later analysis.

* `--test-git-config name=value`

  The test suite prevents git from reading any git configuration files.
  Usually it is a good idea to run the test suite with a standard 
  git configuration. However, this option can be useful to see what
  effect a git configuration setting has on the test suite. 

  Some configuration settings will break the test suite, in ways that are
  due to a bug in git-annex. But it is possible that changing a
  configuration can find a legitimate bug in git-annex.

  One valid use of this is to change a git configuration to a value that
  is planned to be the new default in a future version of git.

  Also, some things can only be tested with a git configuration. For
  example, annex.shared-sop-command has to be set for the test suite to
  test using that command.

* `--test-debug`

  Normally output of commands run by the test suite is hidden, so even
  when annex.debug or --debug is enabled, it will not be displayed.
  This option makes the full output of commands run by the test suite be
  displayed. It also makes the test suite run git-annex with --debug.

  It's a good idea to use `-J1` in combinaton with this, otherwise
  the output of concurrent tests will be mixed together.

# SEE ALSO

[[git-annex]](1)

[[git-annex-testremote]](1)

# AUTHOR

Joey Hess <id@joeyh.name>

Warning: Automatically converted into a man page by mdwn2man. Edit with care.
