# NAME

git-annex assistant - automatically sync changes

# SYNOPSIS

git annex assistant

# DESCRIPTION

Watches for changes to files in the current directory and its subdirectories,
and automatically syncs them to other remotes. This includes adding new
files. New files published to remotes by others are also automatically
downloaded.

By default, all new files in the directory will be added to the repository.
(Including dotfiles.) To block some files from being added, use
`.gitignore` files.
  
By default, all files that are added are added to the annex, the same
as when you run `git annex add`. If you configure annex.largefiles,
files that it does not match will instead be added with `git add`.

# OPTIONS

* `--autostart`

  Automatically starts the assistant running in each repository listed
  in the file `~/.config/git-annex/autostart`

  This is typically started at boot, or when you log in.

* `--startdelay=N`

  Wait N seconds before running the startup scan. This process can
  be expensive and you may not want to run it immediately upon login.

  When --autostart is used, defaults to --startdelay=5.

* `--foreground`

  Avoid forking to the background.

* `--stop`

  Stop a running daemon in the current repository.

* `--autostop`

  The complement to --autostart; stops all running daemons in the
  repositories listed in the autostart file.

* Also the [[git-annex-common-options]](1) can be used.

# SEE ALSO

[[git-annex]](1)

[[git-annex-watch]](1)

[[git-annex-schedule]](1)

For more details about the git-annex assistant, see
<https://git-annex.branchable.com/assistant/>

# AUTHOR

Joey Hess <id@joeyh.name>

Warning: Automatically converted into a man page by mdwn2man. Edit with care.
