# NAME

git-annex whereused - find what files use or used a key

# SYNOPSIS

git annex whereused `--key=keyname|--unused`

# DESCRIPTION

Finds what files use or used a key.

For each file in the working tree that uses a key, this outputs one line,
starting with the key, then a space, and then the name of the file.
When multiple files use the same key, they will all be listed. When
nothing is found that uses the key, there will be no output.

The default is to find only files in the current working tree that use a
key. The `--historical` option makes it also find past versions of files.

# OPTIONS

* `--key=keyname`

  Operate on this key.

* `--unused`

  Operate on keys found by last run of git-annex unused.

  Usually these keys won't be used by any files in the current working
  tree, or any tags or branches. Combining this option with `--historical`
  will find past uses of the keys.

* `--historical`

  When no files in the current working tree use a key, this causes more
  work to be done, looking at past versions of the current branch, other
  branches, tags, and the reflog, to find somewhere that the key was used.
  It stops after finding one use of the key, and outputs a git rev that
  refers to where it was used, eg "HEAD@{40}:somefile"

* `--json`

  Enable JSON output. This is intended to be parsed by programs that use
  git-annex. Each line of output is a JSON object.

* `--json-error-messages`

  Messages that would normally be output to standard error are included in
  the JSON instead.

# SEE ALSO

[[git-annex]](1)

[[git-annex-unused]](1)

# AUTHOR

Joey Hess <id@joeyh.name>

Warning: Automatically converted into a man page by mdwn2man. Edit with care.
