# NAME

git-annex find - lists available files

# SYNOPSIS

git annex find `[path ...]`

# DESCRIPTION

Outputs a list of annexed files in the specified path. With no path,
finds files in the current directory and its subdirectories.

# OPTIONS

* matching options
    
  The [[git-annex-matching-options]](1)
  can be used to specify files to list.

  By default, the find command only lists annexed files whose content is
  currently present. Specifying any of the matching options will override
  this default behavior.

  To list all annexed files, present or not, specify `--anything`.

  To list annexed files whose content is not present, specify `--not --in=here`

* `--branch=ref`

  List files in the specified branch or treeish.

* `--print0`

  Output filenames terminated with nulls, for use with `xargs -0`

* `--format=value`

  Use custom output formatting.

  The value is a format string, in which '${var}' is expanded to the
  value of a variable. To right-justify a variable with whitespace,
  use '${var;width}' ; to left-justify a variable, use '${var;-width}';
  to escape unusual characters (including control characters)
  in a variable, use '${escaped_var}'

  These variables are available for use in formats: file, key, backend,
  bytesize, humansize, keyname, hashdirlower, hashdirmixed, mtime (for
  the mtime field of a WORM key).

  Also, '\\n' is a newline, '\\000' is a NULL, etc.

  The default output format is the same as `--format='${escaped_file}\\n'`
  when outputting to the terminal, and otherwise `--format='${file}\\n'`

* `--json`

  Enable JSON output. This is intended to be parsed by programs that use
  git-annex. Each line of output is a JSON object corresponding to a file
  being processed.

* `--json-error-messages`

  Adds an "error-messages" field to the JSON that contains messages that
  would normally be output to the standard error when processing a file.

* `--json-exceptions`

  Output additional JSON objects for some exceptions that are not
  associated with a particular file.

* `--batch`

  Enables batch mode, in which a file is read in a line from stdin,
  its information displayed, and repeat.

  Note that if the file is not an annexed file, or is not present,
  or otherwise doesn't meet the matching options, an empty line
  will be output instead.

* `-z`

  Makes the `--batch` input be delimited by nulls instead of the usual
  newlines.

* Also the [[git-annex-common-options]](1) can be used.

# SEE ALSO

[[git-annex]](1)

[[git-annex-whereis]](1)

[[git-annex-findkeys]](1)

# AUTHOR

Joey Hess <id@joeyh.name>

Warning: Automatically converted into a man page by mdwn2man. Edit with care.
