# NAME

git-annex sync - synchronize local repository with remotes

# SYNOPSIS

git annex sync `[remote ...]`

# DESCRIPTION

This command synchronizes the local repository with its remotes.

The sync process involves first committing any local changes to files
that have previously been added to the repository,
then fetching and merging the current branch and the `git-annex` branch
from the remote repositories, and finally pushing the changes back to
those branches on the remote repositories. You can use standard git
commands to do each of those steps by hand, or if you don't want to
worry about the details, you can use sync.

The content of annexed objects is not synced by default, but the --content
option (see below) can make that also be synchronized.

When using git-annex, often remotes are not bare repositories, because
it's helpful to add remotes for nearby machines that you want
to access the same annexed content. Syncing with a non-bare remote will
not normally update the remote's current branch with changes from the local
repository. (Unless the remote is configured with
receive.denyCurrentBranch=updateInstead.)

To make working with such non-bare remotes easier, sync pushes not only
local `master` to remote `master`, but also to remote `synced/master` (and
similar with other branches). When `git-annex sync` is later run on the
remote, it will merge the `synced/` branches that the repository has
received.

# OPTIONS

* `[remote]`

  By default, all remotes are synced, except for remotes that have
  `remote.<name>.annex-sync` set to false. By specifying the names
  of remotes (or remote groups), you can control which ones to sync with.

* `--fast`

  Only sync with the remotes with the lowest annex-cost value configured.

* `--only-annex` `-a`, `--not-only-annex`

  Only sync the git-annex branch and annexed content with remotes,
  not other git branches.

  This avoids pulling and pushing other branches, and it avoids committing
  any local changes. It's up to you to use regular git commands to do that.

  The `annex.synconlyannex` configuration can be set to true to make
  this be the default behavior of `git-annex sync`. To override such
  a setting, use `--not-only-annex`.

  When this is combined with --no-content, only the git-annex branch
  will be synced.

* `--commit`, `--no-commit`

  A commit is done by default (unless `annex.autocommit` is set to false).
  
  Use --no-commit to avoid committing local changes.

* `--message=msg`

  Use this option to specify a commit message.

* `--pull`, `--no-pull`

  By default, syncing pulls from remotes and imports from some special
  remotes. Use --no-pull to disable all pulling.

  When `remote.<name>.annex-pull` or `remote.<name>.annex-sync`
  are set to false, pulling is disabled for those remotes, and using
  `--pull` will not enable it.

* `--push`, `--no-push` 

  By default, syncing pushes changes to remotes and exports to some 
  special remotes. Use --no-push to disable all pushing.
  
  When `remote.<name>.annex-push` or `remote.<name>.annex-sync` are
  set to false, or `remote.<name>.annex-readonly` is set to true,
  pushing is disabled for those remotes, and using `--push` will not enable
  it.

* `--content`, `--no-content`

  Normally, syncing does not transfer the contents of annexed files.
  The --content option causes the content of annexed files
  to also be uploaded and downloaded as necessary.

  The `annex.synccontent` configuration can be set to true to make content
  be synced by default.

  Normally this tries to get each annexed file that the local repository
  does not yet have, and then copies each file to every remote that it
  is syncing with.
  This behavior can be overridden by configuring the preferred content
  of a repository. See [[git-annex-preferred-content]](1).

  When `remote.<name>.annex-tracking-branch` is configured for a special remote
  and that branch is checked out, syncing will import changes from
  the remote, merge them into the branch, and export any changes that have
  been committed to the branch back to the remote. See 
  See [[git-annex-import]](1) and [[git-annex-export]](1) for details about
  how importing and exporting work.

* `--content-of=path` `-C path`

  While --content operates on all annexed files,
  --content-of allows limiting the transferred files to ones in a given
  location.

  This option can be repeated multiple times with different paths.

* `--all` `-A`

  This option, when combined with `--content`, makes all available versions
  of all files be synced, when preferred content settings allow.

  Note that preferred content settings that use `include=` or `exclude=`
  will only match the version of files currently in the work tree, but not
  past versions of files.

* `--jobs=N` `-JN`

  Enables parallel syncing with up to the specified number of jobs
  running at once. For example: `-J10`

  Setting this to "cpus" will run one job per CPU core.

  When there are multiple git remotes, pushes will be made to them in
  parallel. Pulls are not done in parallel because that tends to be
  less efficient. When --content is synced, the files are processed
  in parallel as well.

* `--resolvemerge`, `--no-resolvemerge`

  By default, merge conflicts are automatically handled by sync. When two
  conflicting versions of a file have been committed, both will be added 
  to the tree, under different filenames. For example, file "foo" 
  would be replaced with "foo.variant-A" and "foo.variant-B". (See
  [[git-annex-resolvemerge]](1) for details.)

  Use `--no-resolvemerge` to disable this automatic merge conflict
  resolution. It can also be disabled by setting `annex.resolvemerge`
  to false.

* `--cleanup`

  Removes the local and remote `synced/` branches, which were created
  and pushed by `git-annex sync`.

  This can come in handy when you've synced a change to remotes and now
  want to reset your master branch back before that change. So you
  run `git reset` and force-push the master branch to remotes, only
  to find that the next `git annex merge` or `git annex sync` brings the
  changes back. Why? Because the `synced/master` branch is hanging
  around and still has the change in it. Cleaning up the `synced/` branches
  prevents that problem.

# SEE ALSO

[[git-annex]](1)

[[git-annex-preferred-content]](1)

# AUTHOR

Joey Hess <id@joeyh.name>

Warning: Automatically converted into a man page by mdwn2man. Edit with care.
