# NAME

git-annex unregisterurl - unregisters an url for a key

# SYNOPSIS

git annex unregisterurl `[key url]`

# DESCRIPTION

This plumbing-level command can be used to unregister urls when keys can
no longer be downloaded from them.

Normally the key is a git-annex formatted key. However, when the key cannot
be parsed as a key, and is a valid url, a key is generated from the url.

Unregistering a key's last web url will make git-annex no longer treat content
as being present in the web special remote. If some other special remote
claims the url, unregistering the url will not update presence information
for it, because the content may still be present on the remote.

# OPTIONS

* `--remote=name|uuid`

  Indicate that the url is expected to be claimed by the specified remote.
  If some other remote claims the url instead, unregistering it will fail.

  Note that `--remote=web` will prevent any other remote from claiming
  the url.

* `--batch`

  In batch input mode, lines are read from stdin, and each line
  should contain a key and url, separated by a single space.

* `-z`

   When in batch mode, the input is delimited by nulls instead of the usual
   newlines.

* `--json`

  Enable JSON output. This is intended to be parsed by programs that use
  git-annex. Each line of output is a JSON object.

* `--json-error-messages`

  Messages that would normally be output to standard error are included in
  the JSON instead.

* Also the [[git-annex-common-options]](1) can be used.

# SEE ALSO

[[git-annex]](1)

[[git-annex-registerurl]](1)

[[git-annex-reregisterurl]](1)

[[git-annex-rmurl]](1)

# AUTHOR

Joey Hess <id@joeyh.name>

Warning: Automatically converted into a man page by mdwn2man. Edit with care.
