# NAME

git-annex inprogress - access files while they're being downloaded

# SYNOPSIS

git annex inprogress `[path ...]`

# DESCRIPTION

This command allows accessing the content of an annexed file while
it is still being downloaded. It outputs to standard output the
name of the temporary file that is being used to download the specified
annexed file.

This can sometimes be used to stream a file before it's been fully
downloaded, for example:

	git annex get video.mpeg &
	vlc $(git annex inprogress video.mpeg)

Of course if the file is downloading too slowly, the media player will
reach the end too soon and not show the whole thing. And of course, only
some file formats can be usefully streamed in this way.

# OPTIONS

* `[path ..]`

  The files or directories whose partially downloaded content you want to
  access.

  Note that, when no path is specified, it defaults to all files in the
  current working directory, and subdirectories, which can take a while to
  traverse. It's most efficient to specify a the file you are interested
  in, or to use `--all`

* `--all` `-A`

  Rather than specifying a filename or path, this option can be
  used to access all files that are currently being downloaded.

* `--key=keyname`

  Access the file that is currently being downloaded for the specified key.

* file matching options
 
  The [[git-annex-matching-options]](1)
  can be used to specify files to access.

# EXIT STATUS

If any of the requested items are not currently being downloaded,
the exit status will be 1.

# SEE ALSO

[[git-annex]](1)

[[git-annex-get]](1)

# AUTHOR

Joey Hess <id@joeyh.name>

Warning: Automatically converted into a man page by mdwn2man. Edit with care.
