# NAME

git-annex diffdriver - git diff driver

# SYNOPSIS

git annex diffdriver --text [-- --opts --]

git annex diffdriver `-- cmd --opts --`

# DESCRIPTION

Normally, `git diff` when run on annexed files displays the changes that
are staged in git, eg annex symlinks and pointers. This command allows
`git diff` to diff the content of annexed files instead.

This command can be used either as a simple text differ,
or as a shim that runs an external git diff driver.

If some of your annexed files are textual in form, and can be usefully
diffed with diff(1), you can configure git to use this command to diff
them, by configuring `.gitattributes` to contain eg `*.txt diff=annextextdiff`
and setting `git config diff.annextextdiff.command "git annex diffdriver --text"`.

If your annexed files are not textual in form, you will need an external
diff driver program that is able to diff the file format(s) you use.
See git's documentation of `GIT_EXTERNAL_DIFF` and
gitattributes(5)'s documentation of external diff drivers.

Normally, when using `git diff` with an external diff driver, it will not
see the contents of annexed files, since git passes to it the git-annex
symlinks or pointer files. This command works around the problem, by
running the real external diff driver, and passing it the paths to the
annexed content. Configure git to use "git-annex diffdriver -- cmd params --"
as the external diff driver, where cmd is the external diff
driver you want it to run, and params are any extra parameters to pass
to it. Note the trailing "--", which is required.

For example, to use the j-c-diff program as the external diff driver, 
set `GIT_EXTERNAL_DIFF="git-annex diffdriver -- j-c-diff --"`

# OPTIONS

To diff text files with diff(1), use the "--text" option.
To pass additional options to diff(1), use eg "--text -- --color --"

To use an external diff driver command, the options must start with
"--" followed by the diff driver command, its options, and another "--"

Also the [[git-annex-common-options]](1) can be used.

# SEE ALSO

[[git-annex]](1)

# AUTHOR

Joey Hess <id@joeyh.name>

Warning: Automatically converted into a man page by mdwn2man. Edit with care.
