# NAME

git-annex-matching-options - specifying what to act on

# DESCRIPTION

Many git-annex commands support using these options to specify which
files they act on. Some of these options can also be used by commands to
specify which keys they act on.

Arbitrarily complicated expressions can be built using these options.
For example:

	--include='*.mp3' --and -( --in=usbdrive --or --in=archive -)

The above example makes git-annex work on only mp3 files that are present
in either of two repositories.

# OPTIONS

* `--exclude=glob`

  Skips files matching the glob pattern. The glob is matched relative to
  the current directory. For example:

        	git annex get --exclude='*.mp3' --exclude='subdir/*'

  Note that this will not match anything when using --all or --unused.

* `--include=glob`

  Skips files not matching the glob pattern.  (Same as `--not --exclude`.)
  For example, to include only mp3 and ogg files:

        	git annex get --include='*.mp3' --or --include='*.ogg'

  Note that this will not skip anything when using --all or --unused.

* `--excludesamecontent=glob`

  Skips a file when there is another file with the same content,
  whose name matches the glob. The glob is matched relative to the current
  directory.

  For example, to drop files in the archive directory, but not when the same
  content is used by a file in the work directory:

        	git annex drop archive/ --excludesamecontent='work/*'

* `--includesamecontent=glob`

  Skips files when there is no other file with the same content
  whose name matches the glob. (Same as `--not --excludesamecontent`)

  For example, if you have inbox and outbox directories, and want to find
  anything in the inbox that has the same content as something in the outbox:

        	git annex find inbox --includesamecontent='outbox/*'

* `--in=repository`

  Matches only when git-annex believes that the content is present in a
  repository.

  The repository should be specified using the name of a configured remote,
  or the UUID or description of a repository. For the current repository,
  use "here".
  
  Note that this does not check remote repositories to verify that content
  is still present on them. However, when checking the current repository,
  it does verify that content is present in it.

* `--in=repository@{date}`

  Matches only when the content was present in a repository on the given
  date.

  The date is specified in the same syntax documented in
  gitrevisions(7). Note that this uses the reflog, so dates far in the
  past cannot be queried.

  For example, you might need to run `git annex drop .` to temporarily
  free up disk space. The next day, you can get back the files you dropped
  using `git annex get . --in=here@{yesterday}`

* `--expected-present`

  Matches only when git-annex believes that the content is present 
  in the local repository.

  This is like `--in=here`, except it does not verify that the content
  is actually present. So it can be used in situations where the location
  tracking information is known to be out of date.

  For example, if a repository is being restored from a backup
  that did not include the git-annex objects, this could be used to get
  back all files that were expected to be in it: 
  `git-annex get --expected-present`

* `--copies=number`

  Matches only when git-annex believes there are the specified number
  of copies, or more. Note that it does not check remotes to verify that
  the copies still exist.

* `--copies=trustlevel:number`

  Matches only when git-annex believes there are the specified number of
  copies, on remotes with the specified trust level. For example,
  `--copies=trusted:2`

  To match any trust level at or higher than a given level,
  use 'trustlevel+'. For example, `--copies=semitrusted+:2`

* `--copies=groupname:number`

  Matches only when git-annex believes there are the specified number of
  copies, on remotes in the specified group. For example,
  `--copies=archive:2`

* `--lackingcopies=number`

  Matches only when git-annex believes that the specified number or 
  more additional copies need to be made in order to satisfy numcopies
  settings.

* `--approxlackingcopies=number`

  Like lackingcopies, but does not look at .gitattributes annex.numcopies
  settings. This makes it significantly faster.

* `--inbackend=name`

  Matches only when content is stored using the specified key-value
  backend.

* `--securehash`

  Matches only when content is hashed using a cryptographically
  secure function. 

* `--inallgroup=groupname`

  Matches only when git-annex believes content is present in
  all repositories in the specified group.

* `--onlyingroup=groupname`

  Matches only when git-annex believes content is present in at least one
  repository that is in the specified group, and is not present in any
  repositories that are not in the specified group.

* `--smallerthan=size`
* `--largerthan=size`

  Matches only when the content is is smaller than, or larger than the
  specified size.

  The size can be specified with any commonly used units, for example,
  "0.5 gb" or "100 KiloBytes"

* `--metadata field=glob`

  Matches only when there is a metadata field attached with a value that
  matches the glob. The values of metadata fields are matched case
  insensitively.

* `--metadata field<value` / `--metadata field>value`
* `--metadata field<=value` / `--metadata field>=value`

  Matches only when there is a metadata field attached with a value
  that is less then or greater than the specified value, respectively.

  When both values are numbers, the comparison is done numerically.
  When one value is not a number, the values are instead compared
  lexicographically.

  (Note that you will need to quote the second parameter to avoid
  the shell doing redirection.)

* `--url=glob`

  Matches when the content is recorded as being present in an url that
  matches the glob.

* `--want-get`

  Matches only when the preferred content settings for the local repository
  make it want to get content. Note that this will match even when
  the content is already present, unless limited with e.g., `--not --in=here`

* `--want-drop`

  Matches only when the preferred content settings for the local repository
  make it want to drop content. Note that this will match even when
  the content is not present, unless limited with e.g., `--not --in=here`

  Things that this matches will not necessarily be dropped by
  `git-annex drop --auto`. This does not check that there are enough copies
  to drop. Also the same content may be used by a file that is not wanted
  to be dropped.

* `--want-get-by=repository`

  Matches only when the preferred content settings for the specified 
  repository make it want to get content. Note that this will match even when
  the content is already present in that repository, unless limited with e.g.,
  `--not --in=repository`

  The repository should be specified using the name of a configured remote,
  or the UUID or description of a repository. `--want-get-by=here`
  is the same as `--want-get`.

* `--want-drop-by=repository`

  Matches only when the preferred content settings for the specificed
  repository make it want to drop content. Note that this will match
  even when the content is not present, unless limited with e.g., 
  `--not --in=repository`
 
  The repository should be specified using the name of a configured remote,
  or the UUID or description of a repository. `--want-drop-by=here`
  is the same as `--want-drop`.

* `--accessedwithin=interval`

  Matches when the content in the local repository was accessed recently,
  within the specified time interval.
  
  The interval can be in the form "5m" or "1h" or "2d" or "1y", or a
  combination such as "1h5m".

  So for example, `--accessedwithin=1d` matches when the content was
  accessed within the past day.

  If the OS or filesystem does not support access times, this will not
  match anything.

* `--presentsince=repository:interval`

  Matches when the content of the file has been present in the specified
  repository throughout the specified time interval.

  The repository should be specified using the name of a configured remote,
  or the UUID or description of a repository. For the current repository,
  use "here"
  
  The interval can be in the form "5m" or "1h" or "2d" or "1y", or a
  combination such as "1h5m".

  So for example, `--presentsince=here:1d` matches files that have been in
  the current repository for 1 day.

* `--lackingsince=repository:interval`

  This is the opposite of `--presentsince`; it matches when, throughout the
  specified time interval, the content was not present in the specified
  repository.

  For example, `--lackingsince=here:1d` will match a file that was dropped
  from the local repository more than 1 day ago, and has not been present
  in it at any time since then. And it will match files that have never
  been present in the local repository.

* `--changedsince=repository:interval`

  Matches when there was a change in the content stored in the repository
  within the specified time interval.

  For example, `--changedsince=here:2d` will match a file that was 
  present in the repository but got dropped 1 day ago. And it will match a
  file that the repository got 1 day ago. But it won't match a file that
  has been present in the repository since 2 days ago.

* `--unlocked`

  Matches annexed files that are unlocked.

* `--locked`

  Matches annexed files that are locked.

* `--mimetype=glob`

  Looks up the MIME type of a file, and checks if the glob matches it.

  For example, `--mimetype="text/*"` will match many varieties of text files,
  including "text/plain", but also "text/x-shellscript", "text/x-makefile",
  etc.

  The MIME types are the same that are displayed by running `file --mime-type`

  If the file's annexed content is not present, the file will not match.

  This is only available to use when git-annex was built with the
  MagicMime build flag.

* `--mimeencoding=glob`

  Looks up the MIME encoding of a file, and checks if the glob matches it.

  For example, `--mimeencoding=binary` will match many kinds of binary
  files.

  The MIME encodings are the same that are displayed by running `file --mime-encoding`

  If the file's annexed content is not present, the file will not match.

  This is only available to use when git-annex was built with the
  MagicMime build flag.

* `--anything`

  Always matches. One way this can be useful is `git-annex find --anything`
  will list all annexed files, whether their content is present or not.

* `--nothing`

  Never matches. (Same as `--not --anything`)

* `--not`

  Inverts the next matching option. For example, to match
  when there are less than 3 copies, use `--not --copies=3`

* `--and`

  Requires that both the previous and the next matching option matches.
  The default.

* `--or`

  Requires that either the previous, or the next matching option matches.

* `-(`

  Opens a group of matching options.

* `-)`

  Closes a group of matching options.

# SEE ALSO

[[git-annex]](1)

# AUTHOR

Joey Hess <id@joeyh.name>

Warning: Automatically converted into a man page by mdwn2man. Edit with care.
