# NAME

git-annex reregisterurl - updates url registration information

# SYNOPSIS

git annex reregisterurl `[key]`

# DESCRIPTION

This plumbing-level command updates information about the urls that are
registered for a key.

# OPTIONS

* `--move-from=name|uuid`

  For each key, update any urls that are currently claimed by the
  specified remote to be instead used by the web special remote.

  This could be used eg, when a special remote was needed to provide
  authorization to get an url, but the url has now become publically
  available and so the web special remote can be used.

  Note that, like `git-annex unregisterurl`, using this option unregisters
  an url from a special remote, but it does not mark the content as not
  present in that special remote. However, like `git-annex registerurl`,
  this option does mark content as being present in the web special remote.

* `--batch`

  In batch input mode, lines are read from stdin, and each line
  should contain a key.

* `-z`

   When in batch mode, the input is delimited by nulls instead of the usual
   newlines.

* `--json`

  Enable JSON output. This is intended to be parsed by programs that use
  git-annex. Each line of output is a JSON object.

* `--json-error-messages`

  Messages that would normally be output to standard error are included in
  the JSON instead.

* Also the [[git-annex-common-options]](1) can be used.

# SEE ALSO

[[git-annex]](1)

[[git-annex-registerurl]](1)

[[git-annex-unregisterurl]](1)

# AUTHOR

Joey Hess <id@joeyh.name>

Warning: Automatically converted into a man page by mdwn2man. Edit with care.
