# NAME

git-annex assist - add files and sync changes with remotes

# SYNOPSIS

git annex assist `[remote ...]`

# DESCRIPTION

This command assists you in checking files into the repository
and syncing with remotes. It's the simplest possible way to use git-annex
at the command line, since only this one command needs to be run on a
regular basis.

This command first adds any new files to the repository, and commits those
as well as any modified files. Then it does the equivilant of running
[[git-annex-pull](1) followed by [[git-annex-push]](1).

This command operates on all files in the whole working tree,
even when ran in a subdirectory. To limit it to operating on files in a
subdirectory, use the `--content-of` option.

To block some files from being added to the repository, use `.gitignore`
files.

By default, all files that are added are added to the annex, the same
as when you run `git annex add`. If you configure annex.largefiles,
files that it does not match will instead be added with `git add`.

# OPTIONS

* `--message=msg` `-m msg`

  Use this option to specify a commit message.

* `--content-of=path` `-C path`

  Only add, pull, and push files in the given path.

  This option can be repeated multiple times with different paths.

* Also all options supported by [[git-annex-pull]](1) and
  [[git-annex-push]](1) can be used.

* Also the [[git-annex-common-options]](1) can be used.

# SEE ALSO

[[git-annex]](1)

[[git-annex-add]](1)

[[git-annex-pull]](1)

[[git-annex-push]](1)

[[git-annex-sync]](1)

[[git-annex-assistant]](1)

# AUTHOR

Joey Hess <id@joeyh.name>

Warning: Automatically converted into a man page by mdwn2man. Edit with care.
