# NAME

git-annex p2p - configure peer-2-peer links between repositories

# SYNOPSIS

git annex p2p [options]

# DESCRIPTION

This command can be used to link git-annex repositories over peer-2-peer
networks.

git-annex includes built-in support to use Tor hidden services as a P2P
network. (This needs Tor to be installed.)

git-annex can also support other P2P networks, using a helper program
that you can install. These programs have names of the form
`git-annex-p2p-<netname>`. See
<https://git-annex.branchable.com/design/p2p_socket_transport/>
for documentation about how to create such a program.

# OPTIONS

* `--enable <netname>`

  Enable using the P2P network with the specified name.
  This needs the helper program `git-annex-p2p-<netname>` to be installed.

  After this command is run, `git annex remotedaemon` can be run to serve
  incoming connections from peers, and `git-annex p2p --pair` or
  `git-annex p2p --gen-addresses` can be run to give other users access
  to your repository via the P2P network.

* `--pair`

  Run this in two repositories to pair them together over the P2P network.

  This will print out a code phrase, like "3-mango-elephant", and
  will prompt for you to enter the code phrase from the other repository.

  Once code phrases have been exchanged, the two repositories will
  be paired. A git remote will be created for the other repository,
  with a name like "peer1".

  This uses [Magic Wormhole](https://github.com/warner/magic-wormhole)
  to verify the code phrases and securely communicate the P2P addresses of
  the repositories, so you will need it installed on both computers that are
  being paired.

  This feature was present in a broken form in git-annex versions
  before version 6.20180705. Make sure that a new enough git-annex
  is installed on both computers that are being paired.

* `--gen-addresses`

  Generates addresses that can be used to access this git-annex repository
  over the available P2P networks. The address or addresses is output to
  stdout. 
  
  Note that anyone who knows these addresses can access your
  repository over the P2P networks.
  
  This can be run repeatedly, in order to give different addresses 
  out to different people.

* `--link`

  Sets up a git remote that is accessed over a P2P network.
  
  This will prompt for an address to be entered; you should paste in the
  address that was generated by --gen-addresses in the remote repository.

  Defaults to making the git remote be named "peer1", "peer2",
  etc. This can be overridden with the `--name` option.

* `--name`

  Specify a name to use when setting up a git remote with `--link`
  or `--pair`.

* Also the [[git-annex-common-options]](1) can be used.

# SEE ALSO

[[git-annex]](1)

[[git-annex-enable-tor]](1)

[[git-annex-remotedaemon]](1)

wormhole(1)

# AUTHOR

Joey Hess <id@joeyh.name>

Warning: Automatically converted into a man page by mdwn2man. Edit with care.
