# NAME

git-annex pull - pull content from remotes

# SYNOPSIS

git annex pull `[remote ...]`

# DESCRIPTION

This command pulls content from remotes. It downloads
both git repository content, and the content of annexed files.
Like `git pull`, it merges changes into the current branch.

You can use `git pull` and `git-annex get` by hand to do the same thing as
this command, but this command handles several details, including making
sure that the git-annex branch is fetched from the remote.

Some special remotes contain a tree of files that can be imported,
and this command can be used to pull from those remotes as
well as regular git remotes. See [[git-annex-import]](1) for details
about how those special remotes work. In order for this command to import
from a special remote, `remote.<name>.annex-tracking-branch` also must
be configured, and have the same value as the currently checked out branch.

When [[git-annex-adjust]](1) has been used to check out an adjusted branch,
this command will also pull changes from the parent branch.

When [[git-annex-view]](1) has been used to check out a view branch,
this command will update the view branch to reflect any changes 
to the parent branch or metadata.

When [[git-annex-migrate]](1) has been used in other repositories,
this updates the content in the local repository for those migrations as well.

Normally this tries to download the content of each annexed file,
from any remote that it's pulling from that has a copy. 
To control which files it downloads, configure the preferred
content of the local repository. It will also drop files from a
remote that are not preferred content of the remote.
See [[git-annex-preferred-content]](1).

# OPTIONS

* `[remote]`

  By default this command pulls from all available remotes, except for remotes
  that have `remote.<name>.annex-pull` (or `remote.<name>.annex-sync`) 
  set to false. 

  By specifying the names of remotes (or remote groups), you can control
  which ones to pull from.

* `--fast`

  Only pull with the remotes with the lowest annex-cost value configured.

  When a list of remotes (or remote groups) is provided, it picks from
  among those, otherwise it picks from among all remotes.

* `--only-annex` `-a`, `--not-only-annex`

  Only pull the git-annex branch and annexed content from remotes,
  not other git branches.

  The `annex.synconlyannex` configuration can be set to true to make
  this be the default behavior. To override such a setting, use
  `--not-only-annex`.

  When this is combined with --no-content, only the git-annex branch
  will be pulled.

* `--no-content`, `-g`, `--content`

  Use `--no-content` or `-g` to avoid downloading (and dropping)
  the content of annexed files, and also prevent doing any migrations of
  content.

  If you often use `--no-content`, you can set the `annex.synccontent`
  configuration to false to prevent downloading content by default.
  The `--content` option overrides that configuration.

  To only prevent only migrations of content, you can set the
  `annex.syncmigrations` configuration to false.
  The `--content` option overrides that configuration as well.

* `--content-of=path` `-C path`

  Only download (and drop) annexed files in the given path.

  This option can be repeated multiple times with different paths.

* `--all` `-A`

  Usually this command operates on annexed files in the current branch.
  This option makes it operate on all available versions of all annexed files
  (when preferred content settings allow).

  Note that preferred content settings that use `include=` or `exclude=`
  will only match the version of files currently in the work tree, but not
  past versions of files.

* `--jobs=N` `-JN`

  Enables parallel pulling with up to the specified number of jobs
  running at once. For example: `-J10`

  Setting this to "cpus" will run one job per CPU core.

  (Note that git pulls are not done in parallel because that tends to be
  less efficient.)

* `--allow-unrelated-histories`, `--no-allow-unrelated-histories`

  Passed on to `git merge`, to control whether or not to merge
  histories that do not share a common ancestor.

* `--resolvemerge`, `--no-resolvemerge`

  By default, merge conflicts are automatically handled by this command. 
  When two conflicting versions of a file have been committed, both will
  be added  to the tree, under different filenames. For example, file "foo"
  would be replaced with "foo.variant-A" and "foo.variant-B". (See
  [[git-annex-resolvemerge]](1) for details.)

  Use `--no-resolvemerge` to disable this automatic merge conflict
  resolution. It can also be disabled by setting `annex.resolvemerge`
  to false.

* `--backend`

  Specifies which key-value backend to use when importing from a
  special remote. 

* Also the [[git-annex-common-options]](1) can be used.
  
# SEE ALSO

[[git-annex]](1)

[[git-annex-push]](1)

[[git-annex-sync]](1)

[[git-annex-preferred-content]](1)

[[git-annex-satisfy]](1)

# AUTHOR

Joey Hess <id@joeyh.name>

Warning: Automatically converted into a man page by mdwn2man. Edit with care.
