(This is a draft and not implemented yet.)

This is an appendix to the [[external_special_remote_protocol]].

[[!toc]]

## introduction

Normally, an external special remote can only be used to do one thing at a
time. When git-annex has concurrency enabled, it will start up multiple
processes for the same external special remote. 

This extension lets a single external special remote process handle
multiple concurrent requests, which can be useful if multiple processes
would use too many resources, or if it can be better coordinated using a
single process.

## protocol overview

As usual, the protocol starts by the external special remote sending
the version of the protocol it's using.
	
	VERSION 1

This extension is negotiated by git-annex sending an `EXTENSIONS` message
that includes `ASYNC`, and the external special remote responding in kind.

	EXTENSIONS INFO ASYNC
	EXTENSIONS ASYNC

From this point forward, *everything* that the external special remote
has to be wrapped in the async protocol. Messages git-annex sends are
unchanged.

Generally the first message git-annex sends will be PREPARE.

	PREPARE

Rather than just responding PREPARE-SUCCESS, it has to be wrapped
in the async protocol:

	RESULT-ASYNC PREPARE-SUCCESS

Suppose git-annex wants to make some transfers. So it sends:

	TRANSFER RETRIEVE Key1 file1

The special remote should respond with an unique identifier for this
async job that it's going to start. The identifier can
be anything you want to use, but an incrementing number is a
reasonable choice. (The Key itself is not a good choice, because git-annex
could make different requests involving the same Key.)

	START-ASYNC 1

Once that's sent, git-annex can send its next request immediately,
while that transfer is still running. For example, it might request a
second transfer, and the special remote can reply when it's started that
transfer too:

	TRANSFER RETRIEVE 2 file2
	START-ASYNC 2

If it needs to query git-annex for some information, the special remote
can use `ASYNC` to send a message, and wait for git-annex to reply
in a `REPLY-ASYNC` message:

	ASYNC 1 GETCONFIG url
	REPLY-ASYNC 1 VALUE http://example.com/

To indicate progress of transfers, the special remote can send
`ASYNC` messages, wrapping the usual PROGRESS messages:

	ASYNC 1 PROGRESS 10
	ASYNC 2 PROGRESS 500
	ASYNC 1 PROGRESS 20

Once a transfer is done, the special remote indicates this with an
`END-ASYNC` message, wrapping the usual `TRANSFER-SUCCESS` or
`TRANSFER-FAILURE` message:

	END-ASYNC 2 TRANSFER-SUCCESS RETRIEVE Key2
	ASYNC Key1 PROGRESS 100
	END-ASYNC 1 TRANSFER-SUCCESS RETRIEVE Key1

Not only transfers, but everything the special remote sends to git-annex
has to be wrapped in the async protocol.

	CHECKPRESENT Key3
	START-ASYNC 3
	CHECKPRESENT Key4
	START-ASYNC 4
	END-ASYNC 3 CHECKPRESENT-SUCCESS Key3
	REMOVE Key3
	END-ASYNC 4 CHECKPRESENT-FAILURE Key4
	START_ASYNC 5
	END-ASYNC 5 REMOVE-SUCCESS Key3

## added messages

Here's the details about the additions to the protocol.

* `START-ASYNC JobId`  
  This (or `RESULT-ASYNC` must be sent in response to all requests
   git-annex sends after `EXTENSIONS` has been used to negotiate the
   async protocol.  
  The JobId is a unique value, typically an incrementing number.
  This does not need to be sent immediately after git-annex sends a request;
  other messages can be sent in between. But the next START-ASYNC git-annex sees
  after sending a request tells it the JobId that will be used for that request.
* `END-ASYNC JobId ReplyMsg`  
  Indicates that an async job is complete. The ReplyMsg indicates the result
  of the job, and is anything that would be sent as a protocol reply in the
  non-async protocol.
* `RESULT-ASYNC ReplyMsg`  
  This is the same as sending `START-ASYNC` immediately followed by
  `END-ASYNC`. This is often used to respond to `PREPARE`, `LISTCONFIGS`,
  and other things that are trivial or just don't need to be handled async.
* `ASYNC JobId InfoMsg`  
  Used to send any of the [special remote messages](https://git-annex.branchable.com/design/external_special_remote_protocol/#index5h2)
  to git-annex.  
  Often used to send `PROGRESS`, but can also be used for other messages,
  including ones that git-annex sends a reply to. When git-annex does send
  a reply,
  it will be wrapped in `REPLY-ASYNC`.  
  Can be sent at any time aftwr `START-ASYNC` and before `END-ASYNC` for
  the JobId in question.
* `REPLY-ASYNC JobId Reply`
  Sent by git-annex when `ASYNC` has been sent and the message generated
  a reply. Note that this may not be the next message received from
  git-annex immediately after sending an `ASYNC` request.

