This is an appendix to the [[external_special_remote_protocol]].

The `DELEGATE` extension allows many requests to be responded to with:

    DELEGATE type=value ephemeral=yes|no [params]

This delegates the request to a special remote of the specified
type, which is initialized with the provided parameters.

It is similar to using `git-annex initremote` with the `--sameas`
and `--private` options. The delegate special remote inherits
the encryption settings, and uses the same annex-uuid. Its configuration
is not stored to the git-annex branch.

With ephemeral=yes, the delegate special remote is created and exists only
as long as the external special remote program is used by git-annex. Then
it is removed. With ephemeral=no, the delegate special remote is cached for
use next time, avoiding the overhead of initializing it again.

For example:

    TRANSFER STORE somekey tmpfile
    DELEGATE type=directory ephemeral=yes directory=/mnt/disk/

This makes the annex object be stored in a directory special remote.
Since initializing a directory special remote is inexpensive, it's
made ephemeral.

When the key is later requested to be retrieved,
the same delegate can be used:

    TRANSFER RETRIEVE somekey tmpfile
    DELEGATE type=directory ephemeral=yes directory=/mnt/disk/

----

Internally, git-annex has to make a git remote for the delegate special
remote. It comes up with a name by hashing the configuration of the
delegate, and puts it in a namespace under the name of the external special
remote that used it. For example, if the special remote doing the above
delegation is named "foo", the delegate special remote might be named
"foo-delegate-69fc17c8f97d751014b36de5c328464b76c41af7".

Currently, delegate special remotes are user visible in eg `git remote`.
While they are configured with `annex-ignore` set to avoid git-annex
commands from ususally using them, the user can choose to directly use them
if they desire. This is just a consequence of the current implementation,
and  may change in future versions of git-annex.
