This is an appendix to the [[external_special_remote_protocol]].

Some special remotes interface to a key/value datastore using keys that are
eg hashes, and it won't make sense for them to implement any of this.

When a special remote interfaces with something that looks like a directory
of files, the simple export interface can be implemented to allow the
[[git-annex-export]] command to be used to store file trees on the special
remote.

If other tools can write files to the special remote too, the import/export
interface can be implemented. This allows for both [[git-annex-import]] and 
[[git-annex-export]] to be used with the special remote.

[[!toc]]

## simple export interface

git-annex will use this when the special remote is initialized with
exporttree=yes but without importtree=yes and indicates that it supports
exports.

These are requests git-annex sends to the special remote program.
Once the special remote has finished performing a request, it
should send one of the listed replies. Or, if it does not support
a request, it can reply with `UNSUPPORTED-REQUEST`.

* `EXPORTSUPPORTED`  
  Used to check if a special remote supports exports.
  Note that this request may be made before or after `PREPARE`.
  * `EXPORTSUPPORTED-SUCCESS`  
    Indicates that it makes sense to export to this special remote.
  * `EXPORTSUPPORTED-FAILURE`  
    Indicates that it does not make sense to export to this special remote.
* `EXPORT Name`  
  Comes immediately before each of the following requests, 
  specifying the name of the exported file. It will be in the form
  of a relative path, and may contain path separators, whitespace,
  and other special characters.  
  No response is made to this message.
* `TRANSFEREXPORT STORE|RETRIEVE Key File`  
  Requests the transfer of a File on local disk to or from the previously 
  provided Name on the special remote.  
  Note that it's important that, while a file is being stored,
  `CHECKPRESENTEXPORT` not indicate it's present until all the data has
  been transferred.  
  While the transfer is running, the remote can send any number of
  `PROGRESS` messages. Once the transfer is complete, it finishes by
  sending one of these replies:
  * `TRANSFER-SUCCESS STORE|RETRIEVE Key`  
    Indicates the transfer completed successfully.
  * `TRANSFER-FAILURE STORE|RETRIEVE Key ErrorMsg`  
    Indicates the transfer failed.
* `CHECKPRESENTEXPORT Key`  
  Requests the remote to check if the previously provided Name is present
  in it.  
  * `CHECKPRESENT-SUCCESS Key`  
    Indicates that a content has been positively verified to be present in the
    remote.
  * `CHECKPRESENT-FAILURE Key`  
    Indicates that a contents has been positively verified to not be present in the
    remote.
  * `CHECKPRESENT-UNKNOWN Key ErrorMsg`  
    Indicates that it is not currently possible to verify if content is
    present in the remote. (Perhaps the remote cannot be contacted.)
* `REMOVEEXPORT Key`  
  Requests the remote to remove content stored by `TRANSFEREXPORT`
  with the previously provided Name.  
  * `REMOVE-SUCCESS Key`  
    Indicates the content has been removed from the remote. May be returned when
    the content was already not present.
  * `REMOVE-FAILURE Key ErrorMsg`  
    Indicates that the content was unable to be removed from the remote.
* `REMOVEEXPORTDIRECTORY Directory`  
  Requests the remote remove an exported directory.  
  If the remote does not use directories, or `REMOVEEXPORT` cleans up
  directories that are empty, this does not need to be implemented.  
  The directory will be in the form of a relative path, and may contain path
  separators, whitespace, and other special characters.  
  Typically the directory will be empty, but it could possibly contain
  files or other directories, and it's ok to remove those, but not required
  to do so.  
  * `REMOVEEXPORTDIRECTORY-SUCCESS`  
    Indicates that a `REMOVEEXPORTDIRECTORY` was done successfully.
  * `REMOVEEXPORTDIRECTORY-FAILURE`  
    Indicates that a `REMOVEEXPORTDIRECTORY` failed for whatever reason.
    Should not be returned if the directory did not exist.
* `RENAMEEXPORT Key NewName`  
  Requests the remote rename a file stored on it from the previously
  provided Name to the NewName. Remotes that support exports but not
  renaming do not need to implement this.  
  * `RENAMEEXPORT-SUCCESS Key`  
    Indicates that a `RENAMEEXPORT` was done successfully.
  * `RENAMEEXPORT-FAILURE Key`  
    Indicates that a `RENAMEEXPORT` failed for whatever reason.

## import/export interface

(This part is a draft, not implemented yet.)

git-annex will use this interface when the special remote is
initialized with both exporttree=yes and importtree=yes and indicates
that it supports both imports and exports.

### content identifiers

The special remote needs to have some way to identify a particular version of a
file. This is called a ContentIdentifier. A good ContentIdentifier needs to:

* Be stable, so when a file has not changed, its content identifier
  remains the same.
* Change when a file is modified.
* Be as unique as possible, but not necessarily fully unique.
  A hash of the content would be ideal.
  A (size, mtime, inode) tuple is as good a content identifier as git uses in
  its index.
* Be reasonably short, since it will be stored in the git-annex branch.

It's up to the implementor of a external special remote program what
to use for their ContentIdentifier, but not meeting those criteria
will lead to unhappy users, and it's better not to implement this interface if
you can't do it well.

### protocol messages

These are requests that git-annex sends to the special remote
program. Once the special remote has finished performing a request,
it should send one of the listed replies. Or, if it does not
support a request, it can reply with `UNSUPPORTED-REQUEST`.

* `EXPORTSUPPORTED`  
  Used to check if a special remote supports exports.
  Note that this request may be made before or after `PREPARE`.
  * `EXPORTSUPPORTED-SUCCESS`  
    Indicates that it makes sense to use this special remote as an export.
  * `EXPORTSUPPORTED-FAILURE`  
    Indicates that it does not make sense to use this special remote as an
    export.
* `IMPORTSUPPORTED`  
  Used to check if a special remote supports imports.
  Note that this request may be made before or after `PREPARE`.
  * `IMPORTSUPPORTED-SUCCESS`  
    Indicates that it makes sense to import from this special remote.
  * `IMPORTSUPPORTED-FAILURE`  
    Indicates that it does not make sense to import from this special remote.
* `LISTIMPORTABLECONTENTS`  
  Used to get a list of all the files that are stored in the special 
  remote. A block of responses
  can be made to this, which must always end with `END`.
  * `CONTENT Size Name`  
    An file stored in the special remote. The Size is its size
    in bytes. The Name is the name of the file on the remote,
    in the form of a relative path, and may contain path separators,
    whitespace, and other special characters.  
    Always followed by `CONTENTIDENTIFIER`.
  * `CONTENTIDENTIFIER ContentIdentifier`  
    Provide the ContentIdentifier for the previous `CONTENT`.
  * `HISTORY`  
    When a special remote stores historical versions of files,
    this can be used to list those versions. It opens a new
    block of responses. This can be repeated any number of times
    (indicating a branching history), and histories can also
    be nested multiple levels deep.
  * `END`  
    Indicates the end of a block of responses.
* `LOCATION Name`  
  Comes before each of the following requests, 
  specifying the name of the file on the remote. It will be in the
  form of a relative path, and may contain path separators,
  whitespace, and other special characters.  
  No response is made to this message.
* `EXPECTED ContentIdentifier`  
  Comes before each of the following requests, specifying the
  ContentIdentifier that is expected to be present on the remote.
* `NOTHINGEXPECTED`  
  If no ContentIdentifier is expected to be present, this is sent
  rather than `EXPECTED`.
* `RETRIEVEEXPORTEXPECTED File`  
  Retrieves the content of a file from the special remote
  to the File on local disk. Must take care to only retrieve
  content that has the ContentIdentifier specified by 
  by `EXPECTED`.  
  While the transfer is running, the remote can send any number of
  `PROGRESS` messages. Once the transfer is complete, it finishes by
  sending one of these replies:
  * `RETRIEVE-SUCCESS`
    Indicates that the retrieve was successful.
  * `RETRIEVE-FAILURE ErrorMsg`  
    Indicates the retrieve failed.
* `STOREEXPORTEXPECTED Key File`  
  Stores the content of File on the local disk to the previously
  provided Name on the remote. If the Name already exists on the remote,
  must take care to only overwrite it when it has the
  ContentIdentifier that was previously provided by `EXPECTED`.
  If some other content has been written to the Name,
  it should not overwrite it.  
  While the transfer is running, the remote can send any number of
  `PROGRESS` messages. Once the transfer is complete, it finishes by
  sending one of these replies:
  * `STORE-SUCCESS Key ContentIdentifier`
    Indicates that the store was successful. The ContentIdentifier
    must be for the content that was stored.
  * `STORE-FAILURE Key ErrorMsg`  
    Indicates the store failed.
* `CHECKPRESENTEXPORTEXPECTED Key`  
  Requests the remote to check if the previously provided Name
  is present in it, and still has the ContentIdentifier that was
  previously provided by `EXPECTED`.  
  * `CHECKPRESENT-SUCCESS Key`  
    Indicates that a content has been positively verified to be present
    in the remote.
  * `CHECKPRESENT-FAILURE Key`  
    Indicates that a content has been positively verified to not be
    present in the remote, or does not have the expected
    ContentIdentifier.
  * `CHECKPRESENT-UNKNOWN Key ErrorMsg`  
    Indicates that it is not currently possible to verify if content is
    present in the remote. (Perhaps the remote cannot be contacted.)
* `REMOVEEXPORTEXPECTED Key`  
  Requests the remote to remove the content at the previously
  provided Name, but only when it matches the ContentIdentifier
  that was provided by `EXPECTED`.
  * `REMOVE-SUCCESS Key`  
    Indicates the content has been removed from the remote. May be returned when
    the content was already not present.
  * `REMOVE-FAILURE Key ErrorMsg`  
    Indicates that the content was unable to be removed from the remote.
* `REMOVEEXPORTDIRECTORYWHENEMPTY Directory`  
  Requests the remote remove an exported directory, so long as it's empty.  
  If the remote does not use directories, or `REMOVEEXPORTEXPECTED`
  cleans up directories that are empty, this does not need to be implemented.  
  The directory will be in the form of a relative path, and may contain path
  separators, whitespace, and other special characters.  
  * `REMOVEEXPORTDIRECTORY-SUCCESS`  
    Indicates that the directory was removed, or was not empty.
  * `REMOVEEXPORTDIRECTORY-FAILURE`  
    Indicates that the directory was empty, but could not be
    removed for some reason.

### protocol example

The protocol starts off with VERSION etc as usual, and
then git-annex asks the special remote if it supports
export and import, which it does:

	VERSION 1
	EXTENSIONS INFO
	EXTENSIONS
	PREPARE
	EXPORTSUPPORTED
	EXPORTSUPPORTED-SUCCESS
	IMPORTSUPPORTED
	IMPORTSUPPORTED-SUCCESS

git-annex asks for a list of files stored in the special remote:

	LISTIMPORTABLECONTENTS

Which in the simple case looks like this:

	CONTENT 100 foo
	CONTENTIDENTIFIER 100 48511528411921470
	CONTENT 200 bar
	CONTENTIDENTIFIER 200 48511528411963410
	END

Or it could look like this, for a special remote that supports
versions, and has two branches of history, with one branch having
several different versions of the file "foo", and the second
branch having a single version. Here the blocks have been indented to aid
understanding; the real protocol does not include indenation.

	  CONTENT 100 foo
	  CONTENTIDENTIFIER 100 48511528411921470
	  CONTENT 200 bar
	  CONTENTIDENTIFIER 200 48511528411963410
	  HISTORY
	    CONTENT 99 foo
	    CONTENTIDENTIFIER 99 2113620116963530
	    HISTORY
	      CONTENT 1 foo
	      CONTENTIDENTIFIER 1 2110338579019192
	    END
	  END
	  HISTORY
	    CONTENT 88 foo
	    CONTENTIDENTIFIER 88 2104982727272727
	  END
	END

(Note that "bar" is a new file; it was not present in any
of the older versions.)

Next git-annex asks for the content of a file to be retrieved.

	LOCATION foo
	EXPECTED 100 48511528411921470	
	RETRIEVEEXPORTEXPECTED tmpfile

But, the file "foo" has been modified and so the
ContentIdentifier no longer matches.

	RETRIEVE-FAILURE content has changed

