### Please describe the problem.

After setting the username (xyz@gmail.com) and the password the webapp takes several minutes until eventually an error message is displayed stating that:

    Unable to connect to the Jabber server. Maybe you entered the wrong password? (Error message: host gmail.com:5222 failed: connect: does not exist (Network is unreachable))

Testing with xyz@xmpp.l.gmail.com yields:

    Unable to connect to the Jabber server. Maybe you entered the wrong password? (Error message: host xmpp.l.google.com:5222 failed: AuthenticationFailure)

What's strange about that is that the exact same procedure works on a different (Ubuntu-) system with almost no time spend.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

Trying to set up the jabber connection.

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

    git-annex version: 4.20130922-g7dc188a
    build flags: Assistant Webapp Pairing Testsuite S3 WebDAV Inotify DBus XMPP Feeds Quvi
    (actually a zeroinstall feed from here: http://f12n.de/0install/git-annex-webapp.xml which is based on the standalone build)

OS: up-to-date ARCH system


### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log

[2013-09-23 19:24:04 CEST] main: starting assistant version 4.20130922-g7dc188a
(scanning...) [2013-09-23 19:24:04 CEST] Watcher: Performing startup scan
(started...) 
[2013-09-23 20:18:12 CEST] read: host ["-t","SRV","--","_xmpp-client._tcp.gmail.com"]
.git/annex/daemon.log (END)

# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

> [[done]]; I have enabled the haskell dns library on all the autobuilds.
> --[[Joey]]
