### Please describe the problem.

The main repository `git://git-annex.branchable.com/` seems to be offline at the moment.
The mirror `git://git.joeyh.name/git-annex` seems to work.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

A git clone of the main repo gives an error message "fatal: Could not read from remote repository.".

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

.

### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log
C:\Users\jkniiv\Projektit\git-annex.branchable.com> git clone git://git-annex.branchable.com/ git-annex-clone-TEST
Cloning into 'git-annex-clone-TEST'...
fatal: Could not read from remote repository.

Please make sure you have the correct access rights
and the repository exists.
C:\Users\jkniiv\Projektit\git-annex.branchable.com> ping git-annex.branchable.com

Pinging git-annex.branchable.com [2600:3c03::f03c:91ff:fedf:c0e5] with 32 bytes of data:
Reply from 2600:3c03::f03c:91ff:fedf:c0e5: time=126ms
Reply from 2600:3c03::f03c:91ff:fedf:c0e5: time=116ms
Reply from 2600:3c03::f03c:91ff:fedf:c0e5: time=118ms
Reply from 2600:3c03::f03c:91ff:fedf:c0e5: time=117ms

Ping statistics for 2600:3c03::f03c:91ff:fedf:c0e5:
    Packets: Sent = 4, Received = 4, Lost = 0 (0% loss),
Approximate round trip times in milli-seconds:
    Minimum = 116ms, Maximum = 126ms, Average = 119ms

# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)

Sure. It's always rockin'!

[[!meta author=jkniiv]]
