In datalad test builds with git-annex 7.20191114+git43-ge29663773, one
of the new test failures is due to an unexpectedly dirty repository
([related datalad issue][0]).  The dirty status comes from a file that
was tracked in Git switching over to an annex pointer file.  Here's a
script that distills enough of the test to trigger the failure on my
end.

[[!format sh """
#!/bin/sh

set -eu

assert_clean () {
    if test -n "$(git status --porcelain)"
    then
        printf "\n\nUnexpectedly dirty:\n" >&2
        git status >&2
        git diff >&2
        exit 1
    fi
}

cd "$(mktemp -d --tmpdir gx-pointer-dirty-XXXXXXX)"
git init && git annex init

printf content-git >file-git
git -c annex.largefiles=nothing annex add -- file-git
git commit -m'file-git added'
assert_clean

printf content-annex >file-annex
git -c annex.largefiles=anything annex add -- file-annex
git commit -m'file-annex annexed'
assert_clean
"""]]

On Travis as well as my local machine, the failure is intermittent,
but seems to happen much more often than not.  In the failing case,
the last assert_clean call shows:

```
Unexpectedly dirty:
On branch master
Changes not staged for commit:
        modified:   file-git

no changes added to commit
diff --git a/file-git b/file-git
index d1c416a..b41ca32 100644
--- a/file-git
+++ b/file-git
@@ -1 +1 @@
-content-git
\ No newline at end of file
+/annex/objects/SHA256E-s11--726732d25826965592478fcc7c145d5a10fa1aa70c49fe3a4f847174b6d8889c
```

I see the failure with git-annex built from the latest master
b962471c2 (2019-12-12).  Bisecting against the git-annex repo (with a
commit being marked "bad" if there was a failure within ten runs of the
above script), points to ec08b66bd (shouldAnnex: check isInodeKnown,
2019-10-23) as the first bad commit.  Just looking at the topic of 
the commit, that result seems plausible to me.

### Other details

My git version 2.24.1 and locally I'm building git-annex through guix.
On the failing Travis run, git-annex 7.20191114+git43-ge29663773 came
from neurodebian, and the git version was 2.24.0.

Hopefully the script above is sufficient to trigger the issue on your end.
Thanks for having a look.

[0]: https://github.com/datalad/datalad/issues/3890

[[!meta author=kyle]]
