### Please describe the problem.
i have an adb remote setup to import and export treeishes.  Recently when I tried to import from my adb remote i was met with the follwing error

    commit
    On branch master
    Your branch is ahead of 'seagate5tb/master' by 14 commits.
      (use "git push" to publish your local commits)

    nothing to commit, working tree clean
    ok
    list motoE5 find: bad arg '-printf'
    See stat --help
    stat: Needs 1 argument

    git-annex: Unable to list contents of motoE5: adb find failed
    failed

### What steps will reproduce the problem?
* setup an adb special remote, enabling importtreeish and exporttreeish
* use the command "git annex sync --content -remoteName-
* it should fail with the above mentioned error

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

git-annex version: 10.20220504-g4e4c44ed8

build flags: Assistant Webapp Pairing Inotify DBus DesktopNotify TorrentParser MagicMime Feeds Testsuite S3 WebDAV

dependency versions: aws-0.22 bloomfilter-2.0.1.0 cryptonite-0.30 DAV-1.3.4 feed-1.3.2.1 ghc-9.0.2 http-client-0.7.11 persistent-sqlite-2.13.0.3 torrent-10000.1.1 uuid-1.3.15 yesod-1.6.2

key/value backends: SHA256E SHA256 SHA512E SHA512 SHA224E SHA224 SHA384E SHA384 SHA3_256E SHA3_256 SHA3_512E SHA3_512 SHA3_224E SHA3_224 SHA3_384E SHA3_384 SKEIN256E SKEIN256 SKEIN512E SKEIN512 BLAKE2B256E BLAKE2B256 BLAKE2B512E BLAKE2B512 BLAKE2B160E BLAKE2B160 BLAKE2B224E BLAKE2B224 BLAKE2B384E BLAKE2B384 BLAKE2BP512E BLAKE2BP512 BLAKE2S256E BLAKE2S256 BLAKE2S160E BLAKE2S160 BLAKE2S224E BLAKE2S224 BLAKE2SP256E BLAKE2SP256 BLAKE2SP224E BLAKE2SP224 SHA1E SHA1 MD5E MD5 WORM URL X*

remote types: git gcrypt p2p S3 bup directory rsync web bittorrent webdav adb tahoe glacier ddar git-lfs httpalso borg hook external

operating system: linux x86_64

supported repository versions: 8 9 10

upgrade supported from repository versions: 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10

local repository version: 8


### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log
git annex sync --content motoE5                                                                                                                                                                                130 ↵ ──(Mon,Jul11)─┘
commit
On branch master
Your branch is ahead of 'seagate5tb/master' by 14 commits.
  (use "git push" to publish your local commits)

nothing to commit, working tree clean
ok
list motoE5 find: bad arg '-printf'
See stat --help
stat: Needs 1 argument

git-annex: Unable to list contents of motoE5: adb find failed
failed

# End of transcript or log.
"""]]
after it fails, i use ctrl-c to break out of the command in fear of it messing up the current state of the tree that is exported to my android device

also it appears that someone else is having this issue as well, but they posted it in the comment section of the adb remote tutorial page instead of filing a bug report

http://git-annex.branchable.com/tips/android_sync_with_adb/#comment-88511cef6861a2ab4d2da8b38d52dd64

### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)
git annex has been great so far, aside from some pitfalls on some of the more advanced features, i have been using it to manage my files using all kinds of special and non special remotes very solidly for 2 years now.

