### Please describe the problem.

"Internal Server Error This git repository is encrypted with a GnuPG key that you do not have" after having asked *not* to use encryption.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

Here's what I did:

On Ubuntu 10.4, install git-annex according to http://git-annex.branchable.com/install/Ubuntu/ then:

$ git-annex webapp

Create repo at suggested path Desktop/annex/.
Add a file to that dir. Create subdir, move file there.
Select "Add another repository" in webapp, "Removable drive", select external usb drive, leave suggested path "annex", "Use this drive", "Do not encrypt repository".

-> shows "Internal Server Error
This git repository is encrypted with a GnuPG key that you do not have.
git-annex version 4.20131002"


### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

git-annex version 4.20131002, Ubuntu 12.04.3 LTS

### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is wit[2013-10-19 00:33:55 BST] main: starting assistant version 4.20131002
(Recording state in git...)
(scanning...) [2013-10-19 00:33:55 BST] Watcher: Performing startup scan
(started...) 

  The installed version of git is too old for .gitignores to be honored by git-annex.
[2013-10-19 00:35:56 BST] Committer: Adding Git Annex..ation.odt
add Git Annex installation.odt (checksum...) [2013-10-19 00:35:57 BST] Committer: Committing changes to git
[2013-10-19 00:37:38 BST] Committer: Adding Git Annex..ation.odt
[2013-10-19 00:37:38 BST] Committer: Committing changes to git
git: 'remote-gcrypt' is not a git command. See 'git --help'.
ok
(Recording state in git...)
(Recording state in git...)
ok
(Recording state in git...)
(Recording state in git...)
19/Oct/2013:00:38:54 +0100 [Error#yesod-core] This git repository is encrypted with a GnuPG key that you do not have. @(yesod-core-1.1.8.3:Yesod.Internal.Core ./Yesod/Internal/Core.hs:550:5)
git: 'remote-gcrypt' is not a git command. See 'git --help'.
19/Oct/2013:00:39:09 +0100 [Error#yesod-core] This git repository is encrypted with a GnuPG key that you do not have. @(yesod-core-1.1.8.3:Yesod.Internal.Core ./Yesod/Internal/Core.hs:550:5)
.........+++++

Not enough random bytes available.  Please do some other work to give
the OS a chance to collect more entropy!  (Need 66 more bytes)
.............+++++
gpg: key E0424680 marked as ultimately trusted
git: 'remote-gcrypt' is not a git command. See 'git --help'.
19/Oct/2013:00:41:19 +0100 [Error#yesod-core] This git repository is encrypted with a GnuPG key that you do not have. @(yesod-core-1.1.8.3:Yesod.Internal.Core ./Yesod/Internal/Core.hs:550:5)
git: 'remote-gcrypt' is not a git command. See 'git --help'.
19/Oct/2013:00:54:33 +0100 [Error#yesod-core] This git repository is encrypted with a GnuPG key that you do not have. @(yesod-core-1.1.8.3:Yesod.Internal.Core ./Yesod/Internal/Core.hs:550:5)
h the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log


# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

I'm not at my computer, will check upstream Git later. Sorry if this has been reported before.

> This only occurred when git-remote-gcrypt was not installed.
> I've fixed the bug. [[done]] --[[Joey]]
