### Please describe the problem.

I think this is what happened; I need to go back and check this again (maybe I was just misreading something) but I want to get it written down first.

I've got a git repository, and I just ran git annex init. Then I ran git annex addurl a bunch of times, followed by git annex sync. The result was apparently a repository where the files downloaded by addurl were added using the SHA256 backend rather than the URL backend. I deleted the branches and tried again, but this time after calling git annex addurl a bunch of times I did a normal git commit. This time everything looked fine; the files were all listed in as present in the web remote.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

git annex init
git annex addurl https://archive.org/download/emularity_engine_jsmess/messnapple2e.js.gz --file messnapple2e.js.gz
git annex sync

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

git-annex version: 5.20150412-g2be4834
build flags: Assistant Webapp Webapp-secure Pairing Testsuite S3 WebDAV Inotify DBus DesktopNotify XMPP DNS Feeds Quvi TDFA TorrentParser
key/value backends: SHA256E SHA1E SHA512E SHA224E SHA384E SKEIN256E SKEIN512E MD5E SHA256 SHA1 SHA512 SHA224 SHA384 SKEIN256 SKEIN512 MD5 WORM URL
remote types: git gcrypt S3 bup directory rsync web bittorrent webdav tahoe glacier ddar hook external
local repository version: 5
supported repository version: 5
upgrade supported from repository versions: 0 1 2 4

This is on Linux.
