### Please describe the problem.

When checking an adjusted (unlocked) branch, after a while (a few hours), without modifying anything but running several times "git status", a lot of files are reported as "modified" by "git status".

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

On a ~1.5To repo with 1Go to 4Go files, running "git adjust --unlock" works, but after a while "git status" reports a lot of files being modified, "git restore myfiles" restores the files, but other files are reported by "git status" has modified...

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

git-annex version: 8.20201103, Debian sid

### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log
$ cat .git/config
[core]
    repositoryformatversion = 0
    filemode = true
    bare = false
    logallrefupdates = true
[annex]
    uuid = 56c81321-3ca1-4464-8c42-b4b405a2502d
    version = 8
    thin = true
    autocommit = false
[receive]
    denyCurrentBranch = updateInstead
[filter "annex"]
    smudge = git-annex smudge %f
    clean = git-annex smudge --clean %f
$ git status
Refresh index: 100% (4703/4703), done.
On branch adjusted/master(unlocked)
Changes not staged for commit:
  (use "git add <file>..." to update what will be committed)
  (use "git restore <file>..." to discard changes in working directory)
      modified:    file1.avi
      modified:    file2.avi
      ...


It took 3.88 seconds to enumerate untracked files. 'status -uno'
may speed it up, but you have to be careful not to forget to add
new files yourself (see 'git help status').
no changes added to commit (use "git add" and/or "git commit -a")

# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)

It's almost perfect :-).
