### Please describe the problem.

Install seems to die because /data/app-lib not found. Sorry, I did not copy. Git-annex log is below. 

I tried To run git-annex second time, here's what terminal says.


Falling back to hardcoded app location; cannot find expected files in /data/app-lib
git annex webapp
u0_a36@manta:/sdcard/git-annex.home $ git annex webapp
WARNING: linker: git-annex has text relocations. This is wasting memory and is a security risk. Please fix.
error: fchmod on /sdcard/mediashare/.git/config.lock failed: Operation not permitted
error: fchmod on /sdcard/mediashare/.git/config.lock failed: Operation not permitted

From git terminal, can start web viewer, it offers to make repo. I chose /sdcard/mediashare, result is browser fail:

git [Param "config",Param "annex.uuid",Param "380f6ec2-a7b0-43db-9447-f0de1b5a1b5b"] failed

The install did create /sdcard/mediashare. I did have the sdcard directory all along.

I can't say for sure what else is in file system. ES File manager shows /data exists, but it is empty. But tablet not easy to diagnose

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

Install git-annex.apk from website. I downloaded 20140620.

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

Android 4.4.2 on Nexus tablet.

### Please provide any additional information below.

Git-anex-install.log. it is only file in /sdcard/git-annex.home. note it says it is installing to /data/data/.  I may manually create that structure and see if a reinstall ends differently.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log
Installation starting to /data/data/ga.androidterm
1bebb0d66f3f7c5ac4889b86669cab04ebee9bba
installing busybox
installing git-annex
installing git-shell
installing git-upload-pack
installing git
installing gpg
installing rsync
installing ssh
installing ssh-keygen
linking ./bin/git-upload-archive to git
linking ./bin/git-receive-pack to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-help to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-fsck to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-cat-file to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-init to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-checkout-index to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-notes to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-grep to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-blame to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-verify-tag to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-write-tree to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-log to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-stage to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-update-ref to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-status to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-show-branch to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-merge-file to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-for-each-ref to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-replace to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-update-index to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-annotate to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-patch-id to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-merge-recursive to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-rm to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-ls-tree to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-update-server-info to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-diff-tree to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-merge-tree to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-mktag to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-rev-list to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-column to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-apply to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-var to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-rev-parse to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-archive to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-verify-pack to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-push to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-commit to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-tag to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-pack-refs to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-fmt-merge-msg to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-fast-export to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-remote-ext to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-mailsplit to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-send-pack to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-diff-index to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-mailinfo to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-revert to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-diff-files to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-merge-ours to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-show-ref to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-diff to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-clean to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-bundle to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-check-mailmap to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-describe to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-branch to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-checkout to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-name-rev to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-gc to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-fetch to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-whatchanged to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-cherry to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-reflog to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-hash-object to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-init-db to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-rerere to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-reset to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-stripspace to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-prune to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-mktree to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-unpack-file to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-remote to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-commit-tree to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-symbolic-ref to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-credential to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-check-ignore to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-shortlog to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-fetch-pack to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-clone to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-mv to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-read-tree to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-merge-subtree to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-ls-remote to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-config to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-cherry-pick to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-merge to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-prune-packed to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-count-objects to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-merge-base to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-index-pack to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-repack to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-show to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-fsck-objects to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-format-patch to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-bisect--helper to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-upload-archive to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-ls-files to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-check-attr to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-get-tar-commit-id to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-remote-fd to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-unpack-objects to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-add to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-check-ref-format to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-merge-index to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-pack-objects to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-receive-pack to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-pack-redundant to git
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-shell to git-shell
linking ./libexec/git-core/git-upload-pack to git-upload-pack
Installation complete

# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

> [[fixed|done]] --[[Joey]]
