### Please describe the problem.
I'm trying to get an Android development environment set up, but I am running into conflicting library versions inside of the chroot. The package installation script now finishes, but I run into a link-time error during `cabal configure` because it is pulling in two different versions of the unix package for some reason. Please let me know if there is any information I can get from my build environment that would help diagnosing the issue.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?
Run `buildchroot`, `install-haskell-packages`, `make android`

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?
Attempting to build from source, cross-compiling for Android on Debian Jessie.

### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
Linking ./dist/setup/setup ...
/usr/lib/ghc/unix-2.6.0.1/libHSunix-2.6.0.1.a(execvpe.o): In function `pPrPr_disableITimers':
(.text+0x300): multiple definition of `pPrPr_disableITimers'
/home/builder/.cabal/lib/i386-linux-ghc-7.6.3/unix-2.7.1.0/libHSunix-2.7.1.0.a(ghcrts.o):ghcrts.c:(.text+0x0): first defined here
collect2: error: ld returned 1 exit status
Makefile:225: recipe for target 'android' failed
make: *** [android] Error 1
"""]]

> Based on
> <http://git-annex.branchable.com/forum/Android__58___Cabal_hell>,
> this was not a clean run of the scripts, but involved modifying and
> re-running install-haskell-packages. 
> 
> So, I don't think this is a bug. If there is a problem with
> install-haskell-packages not working etc, please show what happens
> when just running the script, not after messing up cabal by trying to
> recover from the problem.
> 
> [[done]] --[[Joey]]
