### Please describe the problem.

I installed git-annex on my android device (Nook HD+, with Cyanogenmod 10.1 installed) for the first time today and was excited to get it working.  However, I noticed the device warming alarmingly, and, after installing a CPU usage monitor, it became clear that git annex was the problem, as it was hovering around 30-40% even when idle.

I tried quitting git-annex using the webapp's "Shutdown Daemon" menu option, and it seemed to shut down successfully, but the CPU monitor still showed that process present and taking up high amounts of CPU (sometimes well over 50%).  I used the android app switcher and noticed that the terminal emulator for git annex was still running; I tried to quit this by using the X button and it seemed to close, but the CPU monitor still showed the git-annex process consuming large amounts of CPU.  Finally I had to quit the process forcefully from the monitor.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

Install & run; observe CPU.  I used a dedicated CPU monitor to stop it the first time; another time, I tried stopping it by going to Preferences, Apps, Running Applications, where it told me it had one process and one service running.  I stopped the service without issue; it said the process could not be safely stopped but I stopped it anyway and that successfully stopped the app.


### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

the current (4.20130826-g46f422) version on Android.

### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log

(I'm not sure how to get a log out of the web app to paste here unfortunately.

# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

> [[done]]; I fixed the bug which turned out to be a stupid
> minunderstanding of how a java library worked. --[[Joey]]
