### Please describe the problem.

After not syncing my Android repo for a while, I tried to sync it. By some combination of starting up the assistant, killing it, running `git annex sync --content`, and killing *it*, I managed to get the Android client (operating in direct mode) to decide that I had manually deleted a whole bunch of files that had in fact just not been created yet, and to create a commit to that effect, which it promptly synced out to my other repos.

I then synced in my main direct mode crippled filesystem repo with the only copy of some files, and got a bunch of messages that Git Annex was deleting files I wanted to keep. I killed that sync with a ctrl+c.

My problem is: how do I revert the offending commit and restore my files?

My other question is: how do I prevent this happening again? Is there a way I can pre-clear commits and not accept those that delete files without manual confirmation? Or should I just stop being mean to the Android client and hope it doesn't decide to delete things it shouldn't delete again?

I've tried a "git annex proxy -- git revert HASHOFBADCOMMIT", but (as I killed Git Annex before it got through recording that it had trashed my files), I just get:

```
error: Your local changes would be overwritten by revert.
hint: Commit your changes or stash them to proceed.
fatal: revert failed
```

When syncing in a direct mode repo, does Git Annex happily delete the last copy of a file that appears to have been deleted somewhere else? Or does it save it until you manually clean up unused data, by moving it somewhere under .git?

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

It's not entirely clear. Some combination of interrupting and restarting the Android app can make it think that files have been deleted when they really have never been created.

Alternately, to get the problem I really want to fix now, delete a file in one repo, sync the delete to a direct-mode repo with the only copy. Then somehow undo the delete from the direct mode repo and restore the content of the file.

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

The PC has 6.20160903-g1c0b2b4 and Android has 6.20160714.

### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log


# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)


