**What steps will reproduce the problem?**

I did a basic git annex setup with two repositories talking to each other.  They are on the same macine, but I identified them via the hostname, because I intend to set up my production systems on two machines.  Since I am new to annex, I'll reproduce the full sequence of commands to create the repos and sync them.  *I* noticed the trouble at the last step, when `git annex get` failed.

Here is the full sequence of commands:

    >>> cd /scr/wandschn/hackNtest/distributed/nyc/STU_files
    >>> git init
    >>> git annex init nyc
    >>> cd /scr/wandschn/hackNtest/distributed/pdx

    >>> git clone xerxes:/scr/wandschn/hackNtest/distributed/nyc/STU_files
    >>> git annex init pdx
    >>> git remote add nyc xerxes:/scr/wandschn/hackNtest/distributed/nyc/STU_files

    >>> cd /scr/wandschn/hackNtest/distributed/nyc/STU_files
    >>> git remote add pdx xerxes:/scr/wandschn/hackNtest/distributed/pdx/STU_files

    >>> mkdir shared
    >>> cp ../../../files/shared/* shared/.
    >>> git annex add shared
    >>> git commit -a -m "initial add of shared files"

    >>> cd /scr/wandschn/hackNtest/distributed/pdx/STU_files
    >>> git fetch nyc
    >>> git merge nyc/master
    >>> ls shared/135.mae
    shared/135.mae
    >>> git annex whereis shared/135.mae
    whereis shared/135.mae (1 copy)
            6f0368db-f1b1-4192-9200-3575c16c2ef1 -- origin (nyc)
    ok
    >>> git annex get shared/135.mae
    fatal: Could not switch to '../.git/annex/objects/KV/5f/SHA256-s1499628--4a7e2ba13096ee2d1a6b3c3b314efae623516d200c09d35ff0f695395b6ad47a': No such file or directory

    git-annex: <file descriptor: 4>: hGetLine: end of file
    failed
    git-annex: get: 1 failed

**What is the expected output? What do you see instead?**

I expected the file shared/135.mae to be copied from the remote repo to the local repo.  Instead, this command failed, and said that there was a missing file.  This file path is the one that the broken link points to, and it exists on the remote repo.

**What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?**

git version 1.7.9.6

git-annex 3.20120523

CentOS 6.3 (kernel 2.6.32)

64bit Xeon processor


**Please provide any additional information below.**

> Thanks for the command sequence, which I have tested here is ok with
> a current version of git-annex (except for one cd you left out..).
> 
> You version of git-annex is quite old, and this
> particular bug was fixed in version 3.20120721.
> 
> The bug is that it fails to correctly determine the git version at
> compile time, and I think it thinks you have an old version of git
> from before 1.7.7, which changed some behavior of `git check-attr`.
> 
> Upgrading git-annex should fix this, please let me know if not. [[done]]
> --[[Joey]] 
