### Please describe the problem.
git-annex assistant always assumes port 22 (I use a different port), despite my editing .ssh/config to correct this.

Also, assistant doesn't give me a port option like it did in the intro screencast.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?
Using my version of git-annex, I assume.

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?
git-annex version: 3.20121112ubuntu2

xubuntu 13.04

### Please provide any additional information below.
I don't see any .git/annex/daemon.log.

I click the "remote server" link, sign in just fine [note below]. I click "Use a git repository on the server" (but "Use an encrypted rsync repository on the server" also does this), and eventually I get an error:
[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log
Failed to make repository

Something went wrong setting up the repository on the remote server.

Transcript: ssh: connect to host <host> port 22: Connection timed out 

# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

> Your version of git-annex is too old. 
> Support for setting the port was added in version 3.20121211 --
> about a month after the version you have installed
> (ah, the period where everything was 11 and 12.. I don't miss it!)
> 
> I don't recommend using such an old version of the assistant,
> *massive* numbers of bugs have been fixed since then. Upgrade to 
> the Ubuntu PPA. [[done]] --[[Joey]]

note:  if I use "git-annex webapp" in the terminal it works fine; if I use xfce's "internet -> git annex" menu, it errors trying to use ssh_askpass, which I don't have. I'm going to make a new thread about this.
