### Please describe the problem.

The assistant/webapp doesn't drop files from the local (source) repository after transferring it to the 2 backup repositories (numcopies 2), but they are listed with:

    git annex find --want-drop

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

#### mintcream ####

    git init annex
    cd ~/annex
    git commit -m "create" --allow-empty
    git annex init mintcream
    git annex numcopies 2
    git annex group here source
    git config annex.autocommit false
    git annex webapp

#### liquorice ####

    git init annex
    cd ~/annex
    git annex init liquorice
    git annex group here backup

#### candyfloss ####

    git init annex
    cd ~/annex
    git annex init candyfloss
    git annex group here backup

#### mintcream ####

    (add both backup repositories in webapp as "remote repositories")
    (copy files into ~/annex directory)
    git annex add
    git commit -m "add some files"
    (use "sync now" to prod assistant into noticing the commit)

### What was I expecting to happen? ###

The assistant to transfer the files to liquorice and candyfloss, then for the assistant to drop the files from mintcream.

### What actually happened? ###

The assistant transfers the files to liquorice and candyfloss. No files are dropped from mintcream.

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

git-annex version: 5.20140707-g923b436

Arch Linux (git-annex-bin from AUR)

### Please provide any additional information below.

I wish to retain control of the commits on "master" (annex.autocommit false) but want the assistant to handle moving/dropping the files as required in the background.

    git annex drop --auto

works as expected.
