Thanks for git annex!

### Please describe the problem.

I've set up two computers A, B to sync to (and each other through) a remote server S. If I add files to A, it syncs with S. But B is not getting synced unless I run 'git annex sync' or restart the daemon in the webapp, i.e. I don't see these files on B at all, not even as broken symlinks. 
The same happens if I manually copy files from A to S. B is not updating the copy count in 'git annex whereis' until I manually sync on B.

It would be great if B could automatically sync when S is changed, either file locations or contents.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

Both computers' local repos were setup with annex assistant, and switched into indirect mode. The server contains git repo and file data. All systems, computers and server are set to manual in the preferred content mode.

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

A is running Debian testing with git-annex 4.20130827, B and S are running Debian stable with the backports version of git-annex 4.20130815~bpo70+1. A and S are 64 bit, B is 32 bit. All are up to date.

### Please provide any additional information below.

I tried this setup before with direct mode and different preferred content settings (A, B as client, S as backup or archive), and syncing of git and file data was working then.

Despite being able to run 'sync' it is at least inconvenient to not have automatically updated file location information when I run the assistant. (I could then just run without it, but I had it happen to me that I setup a local repo w/o assistant, and when I ran assistant, expecting it would tell me "there are no local repos, would you like to create one?" it somehow automatically found the manually created one and started copying files. But that's another problem.)

> [[done]] unless my diagnosis is wrong. --[[Joey]] 
