### Please describe the problem.

When using the assistant to synchronize several annex repositories, changes are not correctly or not at all propagated to repositories that are in the adjusted branch.

* New files from other repositories are not created automatically in adjusted branch repos
* Commited changes in files from other repositories are not reflected in in adjusted branch repos

The manual states:
>	To propigate  changes from  the adjusted branch  back to  the original
>	branch, and to other repositories, as well as to merge in changes from
>	other repositories, use git annex sync.

I would expect that the assistant is just doing this, that I don't have to trigger the sync in the adjusted branch repo by myself.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

Synchronizing several git annex repositories (three) with the assistant, with the second one being in the adjusted branch:

* Create a new file in the first repository (normal v5, autocommit=true)
* The file is being commited automatically and synchronized into the 3rd repository (normal v5).
* But the file does not appear in the 2nd one, being in the adjusted branch

Once you trigger
    git annex sync
in the 2nd repository, it seems the adjusted branch synchronizes with the master and the file appears.

The same happens with changes in files.

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

* git-annex version: 6.20160511-1~ubuntu14.04.1~ppa1
* Linux 4.4.0-24-generic #43~14.04.1-Ubuntu x86_64
* Linux Mint 17.3 Rosa

### Please provide any additional information below.

Assistant log from adjust branch repo.
test7.txt is the new file created on other repo which didn't showed up immediately.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log
(merging origin/git-annex into git-annex...)
To /home/sven/Temporary/Annex1
 + 9cc4eea...0e6c4ba git-annex -> synced/git-annex (forced update)
(started...) 
(merging synced/git-annex into git-annex...)
(Merging into master...) Merge made by the 'recursive' strategy.
 script.sh | 1 +
 1 file changed, 1 insertion(+)
 create mode 100644 script.sh
(Merging into adjusted branch...) 
Updating 449f26f..09950df
Fast-forward
 script.sh | 1 +
 1 file changed, 1 insertion(+)
 create mode 100644 script.sh
[2016-09-25 16:32:28.594537] Committer: Committing changes to git
(recording state in git...)
[2016-09-25 16:32:28.631525] Pusher: Syncing with origin 
To /home/sven/Temporary/Annex1
   0e6c4ba..578f070  git-annex -> synced/git-annex
   9754018..38c3683  master -> synced/master
[2016-09-25 16:32:29.632224] Committer: Committing changes to git
(recording state in git...)
[2016-09-25 16:32:30.661338] Pusher: Syncing with origin 
Everything up-to-date
(merging synced/git-annex into git-annex...)
(merging synced/git-annex into git-annex...)
(recording state in git...)
git-annex: Daemon is already running.
[2016-09-25 16:36:58.360139] Committer: Adding test7.txt
add test7.txt ok
[2016-09-25 16:36:58.476985] Committer: Committing changes to git
(recording state in git...)
[2016-09-25 16:36:58.494964] Pusher: Syncing with origin 
Everything up-to-date
[2016-09-25 16:36:59.575623] Committer: Adding test7.txt
add test7.txt ok
[2016-09-25 16:36:59.578454] Committer: Committing changes to git
(recording state in git...)
[2016-09-25 16:37:00.506906] Pusher: Syncing with origin 
Everything up-to-date
# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)

I'm using git-annex a lot for synchronizing stuff between work, home, external backup discs, and now that I see the autocommit=false flag I'll surely start to use the assistant.
And the new adjust branch is perfect for one of my use cases, but not like it behaves right now.
