### Please describe the problem.

I have tried to use the assistant as per archival walkthrough. I have

1. Created a client drive locally
2. Created a small archive on an attached drive
3. Created and archive folder on the user drive
4. Moved files into the user drive and then into the archive

I very soon saw the assistant fail with errors all referencing `fd:50: hPutStr: illegal operation (handle is closed)`.

As a result, transactions and syncs were often incomplete and I had to use `git` and `git annex` commands to fix things up. The behaviour I had expected based on the documentation - automated archival of files moved to the `archive` directory - **never** worked.

I upgraded to the PPA that is offering the latest builds but have seen no change.

I ran the built-in self-test and saw 74 failed tests.


```sh

 warning
NetWatcherFallback crashed: fd:50: hPutStr: illegal operation (handle is closed)
×
 warning
Committer crashed: fd:50: hPutStr: illegal operation (handle is closed)
×
 warning
PushRetrier crashed: fd:50: hPutStr: illegal operation (handle is closed)
```

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

I do not have the time to produce a repeatable test suite.

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

Latest from PPA on Ubuntu 20.04 LTS current to-the-day.

### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log


# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)

No. But I *was* very enthusiastic about the theory behind it.
