### Please describe the problem.
Summary: The assistant pulls files from remote repos although they are stored on trusted repos (remote machine may be up or down).

After starting the assistant via "git annex webapp --listen #ip# --verbose --debug" it starts to check for pending tasks and starts to queue lots of files (could be all of them). I checked the daemon.log and found the following line:

[[!format sh """
[2014-06-03 21:39:04 CEST] TransferScanner: queued Download UUID "541d2f88-16c3-11e2-aa7e-8f1a2c8e14c5" apps/Apache_OpenOffice_4.0.0_MacOS_x86_install_en-US.dmg Nothing : expensive scan found missing object
"""]]

The file is available in a remote repo:

[[!format sh """
$ git annex whereis apps/Apache_OpenOffice_4.0.0_MacOS_x86_install_en-US.dmg
whereis apps/Apache_OpenOffice_4.0.0_MacOS_x86_install_en-US.dmg (1 copy) 
  	541d2f88-16c3-11e2-aa7e-8f1a2c8e14c5 -- dump
ok
"""]]

The remote "dump" is trusted and is configured as "backup" repo. The repo running the assistant is configured as "manual". The configuration settings for wanted, required and scheduled remained untouched.

Num copies is unset and defaults to 1:

[[!format sh """
$ git annex numcopies
global numcopies is not set
(default is 1)
"""]]

When calling "git annex find --want-get" no files are listed as in my case, all are stored in the "dump" repo which is trusted.

[[!format sh """
$ git annex find --want-get
$ 
"""]]

### What steps will reproduce the problem?
Start the assistant and wait for it to finish startup checking. The assistant adds lots (all?) of the files due to “expensive scan found missing object”.

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?
Snapshot build from the annex branchable webpage running on an OSX 10.9.3 machine:
[[!format sh """
$ git annex version
git-annex version: 5.20140411-g2503f43
build flags: Assistant Webapp Webapp-secure Pairing Testsuite S3 WebDAV FsEvents XMPP DNS Feeds Quvi TDFA CryptoHash
key/value backends: SHA256E SHA1E SHA512E SHA224E SHA384E SKEIN256E SKEIN512E SHA256 SHA1 SHA512 SHA224 SHA384 SKEIN256 SKEIN512 WORM URL
remote types: git gcrypt S3 bup directory rsync web webdav tahoe glacier hook external
local repository version: 5
supported repository version: 5
upgrade supported from repository versions: 0 1 2 4
"""]]

Note: Updated to 5.20140529-g68a56a6 but same behavior is observed.

### Please provide any additional information below.

The backup node was down while the assistant starts up. However also files from another trusted node that is online 24/7 is pulled. Repo was upgraded from version 4 to 5. Is there a way to further check why a file was added e.g. to dump all variables of the evaluated term (approxlackingcopies, copies, etc)?

[[!format sh """
[2014-06-03 21:39:04 CEST] TransferScanner: starting scan of [Remote { name ="origin" },Remote { name ="dump" }]
[2014-06-03 21:39:04 CEST] read: git ["--git-dir=/Volumes/DATA/annex/images/.git","--work-tree=/Volumes/DATA/annex/images","ls-files","--cached","-z","--"]
[2014-06-03 21:39:04 CEST] chat: git ["--git-dir=/Volumes/DATA/annex/images/.git","--work-tree=/Volumes/DATA/annex/images","check-attr","-z","--stdin","annex.backend","annex.numcopies","--"]
[2014-06-03 21:39:04 CEST] TransferScanner: queued Download UUID "541d2f88-16c3-11e2-aa7e-8f1a2c8e14c5" apps/Apache_OpenOffice_4.0.0_MacOS_x86_install_en-US.dmg Nothing : expensive scan found missing object
[2014-06-03 21:39:04 CEST] Transferrer: Transferring: Download UUID "541d2f88-16c3-11e2-aa7e-8f1a2c8e14c5" apps/Apache_OpenOffice_4.0.0_MacOS_x86_install_en-US.dmg Nothing
[2014-06-03 21:39:04 CEST] TransferScanner: queued Download UUID "541d2f88-16c3-11e2-aa7e-8f1a2c8e14c5" apps/Apache_OpenOffice_4.0.1_MacOS_x86_install_en-US.dmg Nothing : expensive scan found missing object
"""]]
