### Please describe the problem.
Hello Joey, <br>
I added a private special remote (great feature BTW!) some time ago and everything seemed to work fine. Today I wanted to change the preferred content expression for another repo, but the repo that syncs with the special remote refused to accept the new expression and always showed (and used) the old one.

It looked like git-annex on the affected repo still used the `preferred-content.log` from the private journal and didn't merge it with the one from the git-annex branch.

As a workaround I manually merged both versions, put the result in `.git/annex/journal-private/preferred-content.log` and that solved the issue.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?
[[!format sh """
#!/bin/bash -x

# Initialize repo a and clone it to b
git init a
cd a
git annex init a
touch a
git annex add a
git annex sync
cd ..
git clone a b
cd b
git annex init b
git annex wanted b nothing
git annex sync
cd ../a
git remote add b ../b
git annex sync

# Add private special remote
mkdir ../special
git annex initremote --private special type=directory directory=../special encryption=none exporttree=yes importtree=no
git config remote.special.annex-tracking-branch master
git annex wanted special anything
git annex sync

# change preferred content expression for b
git annex wanted b anything

git annex wanted b
# preferred content expression for b is still "nothing"

cd ../b
git annex sync
git annex wanted b
# In the other repo it's correct


# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?


### Please provide any additional information below.



### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)


> [[fixed|done]] --[[Joey]]
