### Please describe the problem.
https://github.com/aristidb/aws/issues/206 was recently resolved in https://github.com/aristidb/aws/pull/213.

A newer version will be tagged imminently according to https://github.com/aristidb/aws/issues/206#issuecomment-260214736.

With the http-conduit (<2.2.0) constraint removed from git-annex.cabal, and the aws dependency set to use aws head (currently c8806dc), the git-annex build fails. 

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

Remove the http-conduit (<2.2.0) constraint and attempt to build git-annex with aws head.

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

macOS 10.11, git-annex 6.20161118.

### Please provide any additional information below.
Full build log: https://gist.github.com/ilovezfs/15bcd8f1086b3d825beff58140e04eec
[[!format sh """
[ 90 of 542] Compiling Types.Crypto     ( Types/Crypto.hs, dist/dist-sandbox-6b15e8f0/build/git-annex/git-annex-tmp/Types/Crypto.o )
[ 91 of 542] Compiling Utility.Metered  ( Utility/Metered.hs, dist/dist-sandbox-6b15e8f0/build/git-annex/git-annex-tmp/Utility/Metered.o )
[ 92 of 542] Compiling Messages.JSON    ( Messages/JSON.hs, dist/dist-sandbox-6b15e8f0/build/git-annex/git-annex-tmp/Messages/JSON.o )
[ 93 of 542] Compiling Utility.Url      ( Utility/Url.hs, dist/dist-sandbox-6b15e8f0/build/git-annex/git-annex-tmp/Utility/Url.o )

Utility/Url.hs:354:34: error:
    • The constructor ‘StatusCodeException’ should have 2 arguments, but has been given 3
    • In the pattern: StatusCodeException s _ _
      In an equation for ‘matchStatusCodeException’:
          matchStatusCodeException want e@(StatusCodeException s _ _)
            | want s = Just e
            | otherwise = Nothing

Utility/Url.hs:354:34: error:
    • Couldn't match expected type ‘HttpException’
                  with actual type ‘HttpExceptionContent’
    • In the pattern: StatusCodeException s _ _
      In an equation for ‘matchStatusCodeException’:
          matchStatusCodeException want e@(StatusCodeException s _ _)
            | want s = Just e
            | otherwise = Nothing
cabal: Leaving directory '.'
cabal: Error: some packages failed to install:
git-annex-6.20161118 failed during the building phase. The exception was:
ExitFailure 1
"""]]

### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)
Yes :)

> [[done]] via the nice patch! --[[Joey]]
