### Please describe the problem.

I get the following error when building:

$ cabal install git-annex --bindir=$HOME/bin -f"-assistant -webapp -webdav -pairing -xmpp -dns"

...

Configuring git-annex-5.20140127...
Building git-annex-5.20140127...
Preprocessing executable 'git-annex' for git-annex-5.20140127...
[  1 of 281] Compiling Utility.Dot      ( Utility/Dot.hs, dist/build/git-annex/git-annex-tmp/Utility/Dot.o )
[  2 of 281] Compiling BuildFlags       ( BuildFlags.hs, dist/build/git-annex/git-annex-tmp/BuildFlags.o )
[  3 of 281] Compiling Utility.Shell    ( Utility/Shell.hs, dist/build/git-annex/git-annex-tmp/Utility/Shell.o )

...

[111 of 281] Compiling Backend.Hash     ( Backend/Hash.hs, dist/build/git-annex/git-annex-tmp/Backend/Hash.o )
[112 of 281] Compiling Annex.Queue      ( Annex/Queue.hs, dist/build/git-annex/git-annex-tmp/Annex/Queue.o )
[113 of 281] Compiling RunCommand       ( RunCommand.hs, dist/build/git-annex/git-annex-tmp/RunCommand.o )

RunCommand.hs:44:17:
    Ambiguous occurrence `callCommand'
    It could refer to either `RunCommand.callCommand',
                             defined at RunCommand.hs:62:1
                          or `Common.Annex.callCommand',
                             imported from `Common.Annex' at RunCommand.hs:12:1-19
                             (and originally defined in `System.Process')
cabal: Error: some packages failed to install:
git-annex-5.20140127 failed during the building phase. The exception was:
ExitFailure 1

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

Try building the same version.

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

Building git-annex-5.20140127...

$ cabal --version
cabal-install version 0.14.0
using version 1.14.0 of the Cabal library

$ ghc --version
The Glorious Glasgow Haskell Compilation System, version 7.4.1

$ lsb_release -a 
No LSB modules are available.
Distributor ID:	Ubuntu
Description:	Ubuntu 12.04.3 LTS
Release:	12.04
Codename:	precise

$ uname -a
Linux sahnlpt0116 3.2.0-58-generic #88-Ubuntu SMP Tue Dec 3 17:37:58 UTC 2013 x86_64 x86_64 x86_64 GNU/Linux

### Please provide any additional information below.

Sorry but I don't know what else could help you.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log


# End of transcript or log.
"""]]
