### Please describe the problem.
Attempted to create a bup remote on the current system via ssh. It appears to have created the bup remote fine, but fails when sshing to it and does not add the remote.
This is a normal indirect annex (currently containing a single test jpg in its root)
I'm presuming the error is "(storing uuid...) sh: 1: cd: can't cd to /~/archie" 


### What steps will reproduce the problem?
git annex initremote bup type=bup encryption=none buprepo=sshservername:path

I've tried using .ssh/config to remove the username from the servername passed to bup repo and it still fails.

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?
[[!format sh """
>git-annex version
git-annex version: 4.20130615-g29d5bb9
build flags: Assistant Webapp Pairing Testsuite S3 WebDAV Inotify DBus XMPP DNS
local repository version: 3
default repository version: 3
supported repository versions: 3 4
upgrade supported from repository versions: 0 1 2
"""]]
debian wheezy i686

### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log

> git annex initremote bup type=bup encryption=none buprepo=bup@localhost:archie
initremote bup (bup init...)
Reinitialized existing Git repository in /media/backup/home/archie/.bup/
Initialized empty Git repository in /media/backup/bup/archie/
(storing uuid...) sh: 1: cd: can't cd to /~/archie
git-annex: ssh failed

> ssh bup@localhost
Last login: Mon Jun 17 10:35:45 2013 from localhost
$ ls
archie
$ cd archie
$ ls
branches  config  description  HEAD  hooks  info  objects  refs


# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

> applied patchm, [[done]] --[[Joey]]
