### Please describe the problem.

The git-annex manual page is not installed when using [[install/cabal]] to install git-annex.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

Follow [[install/cabal]] with `--bin-dir=/usr/local` and try `man git-annex`.

I was expecting the manpage to be installed in `/usr/local/share/man`.

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

git annex from a recent git build (4.20130909-g7f079d6) in Debian wheezy.

### Please provide any additional information below.

<del>This could be just a documentation problem...</del> Actually, the manpage can be read directly from the source tree in `doc/git-annex.mdwn`, but I still think it should be installed, for [[!wikipedia POLA]]'s sake. --[[anarcat]]

I figured it out - that stuff is in the makefile, I updated [[install/cabal]] accordingly, so <del>done</del> - not done just yet. --[[anarcat]]

> Doesn't seem right to me; Setup.hs has some stuff to do with
> installing man pages. This does currently require that they 
> are distributed in pre-built form in the .tar.gz on hackage, 
> which I've just checked and they are.
> 
> Perhaps cabal put the man pages somewhere else? After all, you 
> apparently did not set --datadir --[[Joey]] 

> > True, I didn't - the docs didn't say to. ;) But really, it's one of two things, either Setup.hs can install manpages, and then the Makefile shouldn't install it, or we should update documentation to use the makefile only. I'll try this again next time I reinstall through cabal i guess... -- [[anarcat]]a

>>> The default location cabal installs man pages to is
>>> `~/.cabal/share/man/man1`. That is insane, but it is not as
>>> insane as not installing programs into PATH, which is why
>>> the documentation tells how to set --bindir to fix that particular
>>> cabal insanity. (Also, many systems don't have a good per-user
>>> man directory anyway.)
>>>
>>> `make install` does not use `cabal install` because as noted, cabal
>>> install is thurougly bat shit crazy. Not all systems that have
>>> cabal have make, which is why the cabal documentation is the way it is.
>>> --[[Joey]]

[[done]]
