### Please describe the problem.

Can't seem to stop gpg writing it's progress/info messages out

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

Use a gcrypt-remote, do a git sync

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

Arch Linux, stable, updated daily.

git-annex 6.20160613-8


### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log

I have the following in my config, but I still get the standard gnupg noise produced. I have read that work was done to propogate the gnupg-options and gnupg-decrypt-options through to the required places (in May, and I'm on a June version), but it doesn't appear to work for me.

[annex]
        uuid = 583acd1e-f969-4b7b-89d5-7a4aff9a7077
        version = 6
        gnupg-options = --quiet --batch --no-tty
        gnupg-decrypt-options = --quiet --batch --no-tty


I still get the output, which I shouldn't@

    gcrypt: Decrypting manifest
    gpg: Signature made Sun 02 Oct 2016 21:04:31 BST
    gpg:                using RSA key XXXYYYZZZ
    gpg: Good signature from "x <xx@x.x>" [ultimate]
    gpg:                 aka "[jpeg image of size 2004]" [ultimate]

# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)

Mixed bag, works when it works, but I've had quite a few "unexplained" happenings. Perservering for now, hoping me reporting bugs will see things improve...

> [[done]]; gcrypt.gpg-args is the answer. --[[Joey]] 
