### Please describe the problem.
Historically (in older versions of MacOS) to get git-annex working with SourceTree I've done the following:

When committing in SourceTree or SmartGit after adding annex, you may get error "git: 'annex' is not a git command". To fix:
First make sure your client is using the system git
In SourceTree preferences, go to Git tab and use system git (likely in /usr/bin/git)
Disable SIP (needed step starting from Mac OSX El Capitan), by doing the following:
Restart your Mac.
Then, make a symbolic link so SourceTree/SmartGit can see git-annex (look at which git-annex to find real location):
sudo ln -s /usr/local/bin/git-annex /usr/bin/git-annex
Re-enable SIP, by following the same steps for disabling, but rather issuing the command csrutil enable in the Terminal window

But now, I still can't write the symbolic link with SIP disabled. Obviously this isn't git-annex's fault. But I cannot figure out how to integrate git-annex so that SourceTree can work with it.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?
See above.

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?
git-annex version: 8.20200908
macOS 10.15.6

### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log


# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)


