### Please describe the problem.

All git annex commands run successfully but are prefixed by an annoying error message:

"/bin/sh: warning: setlocale: LC_ALL: cannot change locale (en_US.UTF-8)"


### What steps will reproduce the problem?

`git annex init` or just about any git annex command.


### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

git-annex version: 5.20150710-g8fd7052 on arch linux 4.0.7-2.

### Please provide any additional information below.

# locale -a 
C
en_US
en_US.iso88591
en_US.utf8
hebrew
he_IL
he_IL.iso88598
he_IL.utf8
POSIX

> I've made LOCPATH not be set except when git-annex is built with ghc
> older than 7.10, since the problem was fixed in ghc 7.10.
> 
> Also, I loved the LOCPATH setting into the linker shim script, rather
> than in runshell, so it will only affect the programs bundled with
> git-annex (itself and git and a few other things). Which are not
> localized anyway in the bundle. So, even in builds where it's still set
> (the linux ancient build in particular), things done in the runshell
> environment won't be affected.
> 
> I do wonder if there could be problems with incompatabilities between the
> bundled glibc and the system locale files, which might be for a
> newer/older libc version. Not so much random `.mo` files, which seem
> quite portable across glibc versions, but the more core locale files.
> If that turns out to be a problem, LOCPATH might have to be turned back
> on. 
> 
> For now, [[done]] --[[Joey]]
