### Please describe the problem.

I cannot add a file that has an accent in its name. If I change the file name to not have accents, everything works.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

- create a file with an accent in its name
- "git annex status" shows the file is not checked in
- "git annex add" the file
- nothing happens, and "git annex status" still shows the file as not checked in

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

% brew info git-annex
git-annex: stable 5.20151218 (bottled), HEAD

OS X 10.11.2

### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log
[schmitta@charm-ecran:~/Documents/annex on master]
% git annex status
[schmitta@charm-ecran:~/Documents/annex on master]
% cat > é
foo
[schmitta@charm-ecran:~/Documents/annex on master]
% git annex status                                                            ✭
? é
[schmitta@charm-ecran:~/Documents/annex on master]
% git annex add é                                                             ✭
[schmitta@charm-ecran:~/Documents/annex on master]
% git annex status                                                            ✭
? é

# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)

Yes, git annex is great and I use it to store videos I want to watch later but that are too big to all be stored on my laptop.
