### Please describe the problem.

I was attempting to comment on this patch:

<https://git-annex.branchable.com/todo/PATCH__58___drop_url_parameters_from_extension.hs/>

but adding the comment fails with:

`Error: failed to create directory /home/b-git-annex/source/doc/todo/PATCH__58___drop_url_parameters_from_extension.hs/: File exists`

(this appears to be repeatable.)  At a guess there's actually a file there for the patch... which is why it can't make a directory.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

1.  Go to <https://git-annex.branchable.com/todo/PATCH__58___drop_url_parameters_from_extension.hs/>

2.  Log in

3.  Click "Add comment"

4.  Enter comment with subject/body

5.  Try to save the comment


### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

N.A.


### Please provide any additional information below.

FTR, the original comment I was trying to make was basically "yes, please add this patch" -- but more verbosely:

"""This would be very useful.  **libsyn** seem to have changed their podcast URLs over the last couple of weeks to *always* add a `?dest_id=...` suffix (and changed the historical URL of every single podcast on any feed on their service, the next time it is rebuilt, which has led to a few large sets of duplicate downloads and a bunch of manual cleanup to avoid large duplicate downloads on the ones I noticed in time).  For now I've been doing manual "git mv" as I notice new ones coming in (a few every week), but I'd really prefer it happened automatically."""



### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)

Lots of luck with git-annex.  It's extremely useful as both a distributed content store, and also as a podcatcher.  Thanks for writing it :-)

Ewen
