### Please describe the problem.

On my raspberry pi, an SSH remote was in /var/lib/store (symlinked with /home/carlo/store), which contained a LVM volume spanning several USB drives. One of the drives got corrupted, which lead to this:

$ cd /home/carlo/store
$ ls
Input/Output Error

On my desktop machine, I then had a lot of transfers. After transfer, the file was turned into a symlink.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

* Create an annex and a remote ssh server.
* [Simulate a corrupted drive](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1361518/how-can-i-simulate-a-failed-disk-during-testing) for the remote, creating an input output error.
* Wait until the annex starts syncing on the desktop machine. If there were no further unidentified causes on my side, the assistant will start transfers that revert files to symlinks.

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

Ubuntu 12.04 64bit
git annex 3.20121017 ([from Ubuntu PPA](https://launchpad.net/~rubiojr/+archive/git-annex))

### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log

Please see [all my daemon.log](http://capocasa.name/daemon.tgz) files.

I noticed the problem yesterday afternoon (Thu 24 Oct).

# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

> [[!taglink moreinfo]]; either I don't have enough information to work on this,
> or it might have just been user error. --[[Joey]]
