### Please describe the problem.

When `git annex direct` is interrupted (either through a power outage or deliberate `control-c`) it may leave the repository in an inconsistent state.

A typical situation is `git-annex` believing that the repo is in `indirect` mode while the files are not symlinks anymore.

I believe I have described this problem here before, but the bug report was deleted as part of the may 29th purge (222f78e9eadd3d2cc40ec94ab22241823a7d50d9,  [[bugs/git_annex_indirect_can_fail_catastrophically]]).

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

`git annex direct` on a large repository, `control-c` before it finishes.

Observe how a lot of files are now considered to be in the famous [[typechange status|forum/git-status_typechange_in_direct_mode/]] in git.

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

5.20140717 on Debian Jessie, ext4 filesystem.

### Please provide any additional information below.

I wish i could resume the `git annex direct` command, but this will do a `git commit -a` and therefore commit all those files to git directly. It still seems to me that `git annex` should never run `git commit -a` for exactly that kind of situations.

I think that's it for now. -- [[anarcat]]

Update: i was able to get rid of the `typechange` situation by running `git annex lock` on the repository, but then all files are found to be missing by `git annex fsck`:

[[!format txt """
fsck films/God Hates Cartoons/VIDEO_TS/VTS_15_0.BUP (fixing location log)
  ** Based on the location log, films/God Hates Cartoons/VIDEO_TS/VTS_15_0.BUP
  ** was expected to be present, but its content is missing.

  Only 1 of 2 trustworthy copies exist of films/God Hates Cartoons/VIDEO_TS/VTS_15_0.BUP
  Back it up with git-annex copy.
"""]]

Oddly enough, the repo still uses hundreds of gigs, because all the files ended up in `.git/annex/misctmp`. Not sure I remember what happened there.

Similar issues and discussions:

* [[bugs/direct_mode_merge_interrupt/]]
* [[forum/Cleaning_up_after_aborted_sync_in_direct_mode/]]
* [[bugs/failure_to_return_to_indirect_mode_on_usb/]]
* [[forum/git-status_typechange_in_direct_mode/]]

[[!meta title="git annex lock --force deletes only copy of content after interrupted switch to direct mode"]

[[!meta tag=deprecateddirectmode]]
