### Please describe the problem.

I have a repository with two directory special remotes that use the same mount point (it's a USB SD card reader using udevil). I use "git-annex-command" with lsblk and grep using the UUID to prevent git-annex from attempting to sync with the remote if it's not mounted. When trying to import from the second remote, I get "file content has changed" for every file, which seems to be related to inode-based caching.

Each of the remotes uses a subdirectory of the mount, though I did change the directory for the first one (it originally used the mount point directly). 

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

1. Create a directory special remote on a removable device and import from it
2. Create a second directory special remote on a second removable device at the same mount point and import from it


### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

8.20201130-g75988a790, Debian Buster


### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log

$ git annex import --from=pi1541 master:c64
list pi1541 ok                                    
import pi1541 nav96.d64                           
                                                                
  file content has changed                                  
ok                                                    
import pi1541 fb64                                    
                                                                  
  file content has changed                                        
ok                                                  
import pi1541 cbmcmd22.d64                     
                                          
  file content has changed                               
ok                                                         
import pi1541 cbmcmd22.d80                 
                                                  
  file content has changed                             
ok                                                      
...

# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)

I've used it successfully on Linux and Android. My attempts on Windows have been less successful, though I never tried with core.ignoreStat=true. Now I'm trying to use it to manage the SD cards for various devices: my Pi1541, Odroid Go, and Sansa Clip Zip.

> Calling this [[done]] because I'm fairly sure if it was some kind of
> inode related bug, it would be fixed now by changes to the directory
> special remote. Please do followup if you still see the bug with the most
> recent git-annex release, or have other information about how to
> reproduce the alleged behavior. --[[Joey]]
