### Please describe the problem.

When I create a directory special remote, with encryption enabled (shared) and a chunk size restriction (any), I can copy files *to* the remote, but git annex can't find/access them afterwards.

If I do the same, just without specifying chunk size, it works fine. Restricting chunk size on FAT filesystems to something less that 4GB is necessary (otherwise storing bigger files will just fail).

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

Assume `~/annex` is a normal git annex repository and it contains a file `data.file`.

         # cd ~/annex
         # mkdir /tmp/remote
         # git annex initremote dirremote type=directory directory=/tmp/remote encryption=shared chunksize="300 megabytes"
             initremote dirremote (encryption setup) (shared cipher) ok
             (Recording state in git...)
         # git annex copy --to dirremote data.file
             copy data.file (gpg) (to dirremote...)
             ok
             (Recording state in git...)
         # git annex fsck --from dirremote
             fsck data.file (gpg) (fixing location log)
               ** Based on the location log, data.file
               ** was expected to be present, but its content is missing.
             failed
             (Recording state in git...)
             git-annex: fsck: 1 failed

The file is actually in the remote, e.g. `ls -R /tmp/remote` (shortened output):

        /tmp/remote/be5/af7/GPGHMACSHA1--cb23b50579bf69be9cdc0243b6fda1f66218eb43:
        GPGHMACSHA1--cb23b50579bf69be9cdc0243b6fda1f66218eb43
        GPGHMACSHA1--cb23b50579bf69be9cdc0243b6fda1f66218eb43.chunkcount

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

- mac OS X (10.8.5)
- git-annex version: 4.20131002-gf25991c
- `PATH` variable has `/Applications/git-annex.app/Contents/MacOS/bundle` at the front, so if git-annex comes with a binary, it is used


### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log


# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

> [[done]]; see my comment. --[[Joey]]
