### Please describe the problem.
I have 2 regular annex locations plus one on glacier. I recently cloned one location, converted it to direct mode, then tried to enableremote glacier.

When I ran the webapp everything seemed to be ok, it showed file transfers to glacier which appeared to be completing very quickly. When I looked in the log file however, I saw the files weren't actually transferring and I was getting lots of errors:

  Set both AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID and AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY to use glacier

In order to get glacier working I had to manually copy the creds file to the new repo. The transfer errors should also made obvious in the webapp.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?
[[!format sh """
git clone server:/location
git annex init "laptop"
git remote add "server" server:/location
git annex direct

Then I ran:
git annex enableremote glacier
Which prints:
(merging origin/git-annex origin/synced/git-annex into git-annex...)
(Recording state in git...)
enableremote glacier (gpg) ok
(Recording state in git...)
"""]]
But in fact it hasn't actually copied the creds to use it.


### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?
5.20140221, debian.

### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log


# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

> Should be fixed in 5.20140227. [[done]] --[[Joey]]
