### Please describe the problem.
When cloning a remote client repo via ssh and then enableremote the encryptionsetting seem not be used


### What steps will reproduce the problem?
- create a repository (as client) on computer WO
- create a special remote via rsync+ssh on computer BA with encryption=none from WO
--> syncing works
- git clone via ssh from WO on computer XY, group is manual
- git-annex get on XY with source WO workes (OK)
- enableremote BA on computer XY
- shutdown computer WO
- try to get some file on computer XY. The download is first tried from WO, then from BA  --> correct


- download from BA fails (ERROR) 
--> Reason seems to be that encryption=none is not honored: 
rsync: change_dir "XXXXXXXX/GPGHMACSHA1--398057f8bd37edf898aeae4557c6277f1162382b" failed: No such file or directory (2)

I additionally could not find out where to manually change the encryption settings after enableremote



### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?
git-annex version: 5.20140412ubuntu1
build flags: Assistant Webapp Webapp-secure Pairing Testsuite S3 WebDAV Inotify DBus DesktopNotify XMPP DNS Feeds Quvi TDFA CryptoHash
key/value backends: SHA256E SHA1E SHA512E SHA224E SHA384E SKEIN256E SKEIN512E SHA256 SHA1 SHA512 SHA224 SHA384 SKEIN256 SKEIN512 WORM URL
remote types: git gcrypt S3 bup directory rsync web webdav tahoe glacier hook external
local repository version: 5
supported repository version: 5
upgrade supported from repository versions: 0 1 2 4


### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log


# End of transcript or log.
"""]]
