### Please describe the problem.
Could not get ssh-askpass running on macosx.
Transfered the publich key with scp.
certificate based ssh from macosx  to ssh server (debian testing) works.
After successfull login to ssh server git annex stops with the following errors:

Browser Error Message: 
user error (gpg ["--batch","--no-tty","--use-agent","--quiet","--trust-model","always","--gen-random","--armor","1","512"] exited 2)

### What steps will reproduce the problem?
1. git annex on debian gnu linux
2. git annex on macosx
3. set up "share with a friend"
4. create rsa keys on macosx  "ssh-kegen -t rsa"
5. scp public key to server with hosts encrypted ssh remote 
6. configure the server use a encrypted ssh remote in tranport mode 

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?
current debian testing (20130827)
macosx 20130827
### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log

(scanning...) [2013-09-28 17:39:25 CEST] Watcher: Performing startup scan
(started...) [2013-09-28 17:39:26 CEST] XMPPSendPack: Syncing with jlueters 
Everything up-to-date
[2013-09-28 17:39:30 CEST] XMPPSendPack: Unable to download files from jlueters. 

(encryption setup) gpg: /Users/lambert/.gnupg/gpg.conf:241: invalid auto-key-locate list
28/Sep/2013:17:40:06 +0200 [Error#yesod-core] user error (gpg ["--batch","--no-tty","--use-agent","--quiet","--trust-model","always","--gen-random","--armor","1","512"] exited 2) @(yesod-core-1.1.8.3:Yesod.Internal.Core ./Yesod/Internal/Core.hs:550:5)
(encryption setup) gpg: /Users/lambert/.gnupg/gpg.conf:241: invalid auto-key-locate list
28/Sep/2013:17:40:48 +0200 [Error#yesod-core] user error (gpg ["--batch","--no-tty","--use-agent","--quiet","--trust-model","always","--gen-random","--armor","1","512"] exited 2) @(yesod-core-1.1.8.3:Yesod.Internal.Core ./Yesod/Internal/Core.hs:550:5)



# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

> [[dup|done]] --[[Joey]]
