What steps will reproduce the problem?

1. Click  "Remote server: Set up a repository on a remote server using ssh." 
2. Enter hostname and different username than currently logged in user
3. Click check this server


What is the expected output? 

> I expected to see the next step in the remote repo creration process.

What do you see instead?


> Failed to ssh to the server. Transcript: ssh_askpass: exec(/usr/libexec/ssh-askpass): No such file or directory Permission denied, please try again. ssh_askpass: exec(/usr/libexec/ssh-askpass): No such file or directory Permission denied, please try again. ssh_askpass: exec(/usr/libexec/ssh-askpass): No such file or directory Permission denied (publickey,password). 


What version of git-annex are you using? 

> git-annex: Version: 3.20130114 


On what operating system?

> OSX: 10.8.2



Please provide any additional information below.

> I mentioned "with a different username" because the assistant will allow me to create a remote repository on the same target machine when I use my normal username. I think this is most likely because I have a ssh-key setup for the account on the remote machine. However I do not want to assume anything and send you down the wrong OSX rabbit hole. 

> After a little research it seems that OSX does not have a ssh-askpass

[[!tag /design/assistant/OSX]]
[[!meta title="ssh-askpass not available on OSX"]]

> [[fixed|done]]; the webapp now handles ssh password prompting on its own,
> ssh-askpass is not needed. --[[Joey]]
