### Please describe the problem.

Opening the Android app, the following message is shown:

    referenceTable GDEF length=778
    referenceTable GSUB length=6388
    referenceTable GPOS length=76868

    [Terminal session finished]

I am not able to use git-annex. Trying to open a new window in git-annex, I get similar errors:

    [Terminal session finished]
    referenceTable GDEF length=778 1
    referenceTable GSUB length=6388 1
    referenceTable GPOS length=76868 1
    referenceTable head length=54 1
    referenceTable GDEF length=670
    referenceTable GSUB length=7168
    referenceTable GPOS length=24560
    referenceTable head length=54 1
    git annex webapp


### What steps will reproduce the problem?

Download the most recent Android 5.0 app (I tried both [[http://downloads.kitenet.net/git-annex/android/current/5.0/git-annex.apk]] and [[http://downloads.kitenet.net/git-annex/autobuild/android/5.0/git-annex.apk]]).
Install it and open it.

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

OS: Android 5.1.1.
git-annex: I tried the currently available stable 5.0 package (6.20170101), as well as the nightly build one (it shows version 6.20170102).

### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log


# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)

Yes, I used it successfully until recently. I remember that I installed a new version of git-annex recently. I used it successfully after the update. However, I am not sure whether I closed and reopened the git-annex app after the update.
