### Please describe the problem.

I am trying to use git-annex to keep files in sync between a server and my music player. I don't want everything on the server to go to the music player, so I have a "wanted" expression defined: `exclude=*/archive/* and (include=ASMR/* or include=Music/* or include=Mods/* or include=Playlists/*)`. My expectation was that `git annex sync` would ignore any files that didn't match wanted on the remote, and indeed the first time I run it it does. However, the second time I run it, it deletes any local files that aren't on the remote. Presumably git-annex thinks those files were deleted on the remote because its tracking branch is descended from the branch in which the files were created.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

1. Create a directory special remote with `exporttree=yes importtree=yes`
2. Set `remote.<remote>.annex-tracking-branch` to some branch where you have files.
3. Set a preferred-content expression that excludes some of the files.
4. Run `git annex sync --content`
5. Run `git annex sync --content` a second time.

You will see that the files that weren't exported get deleted.

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

```
git-annex version: 8.20201130-gf1a9e88c9
build flags: Assistant Webapp Pairing Inotify TorrentParser Feeds Testsuite S3 WebDAV
dependency versions: aws-0.22 bloomfilter-2.0.1.0 cryptonite-0.26 DAV-1.3.4 feed-1.3.0.1 ghc-8.8.4 http-client-0.6.4.1 persistent-sqlite-2.10.6.2 torrent-10000.1.1 uuid-1.3.13 yesod-1.6.1.0
key/value backends: SHA256E SHA256 SHA512E SHA512 SHA224E SHA224 SHA384E SHA384 SHA3_256E SHA3_256 SHA3_512E SHA3_512 SHA3_224E SHA3_224 SHA3_384E SHA3_384 SKEIN256E SKEIN256 SKEIN512E SKEIN512 BLAKE2B256E BLAKE2B256 BLAKE2B512E BLAKE2B512 BLAKE2B160E BLAKE2B160 BLAKE2B224E BLAKE2B224 BLAKE2B384E BLAKE2B384 BLAKE2BP512E BLAKE2BP512 BLAKE2S256E BLAKE2S256 BLAKE2S160E BLAKE2S160 BLAKE2S224E BLAKE2S224 BLAKE2SP256E BLAKE2SP256 BLAKE2SP224E BLAKE2SP224 SHA1E SHA1 MD5E MD5 WORM URL X*
remote types: git gcrypt p2p S3 bup directory rsync web bittorrent webdav adb tahoe glacier ddar git-lfs httpalso borg hook external
operating system: linux x86_64
supported repository versions: 8
upgrade supported from repository versions: 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
local repository version: 8
```

Debian Buster

### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log


# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)

I use git-annex for all kinds of stuff. I love it!

> [[fixed|done]] --[[Joey]]
