### Please describe the problem.
Trying to create repo on ssh server failed because git didn't know my email.

There were other issues I encountered:

 - While connecting to the server assistant says that there will be a password prompt, but doesn't tell that one should expect it to appear in the terminal.

 - When creating keys it says that I will be prompted for key password again, but it asks for password to remote server (I understood it wanted a password for its new key pair).. there is no telling for what those password prompts in terminal are for

 - It actually requires password for remote server multiple times before it starts to use its own keys

 - When failed to test the server or create the repo there the "Retry" button doesn't work (does nothing)

 - Maybe it should strip leading ~ from repo name?

 - Local pairing with annex 3.20121112ubuntu4 from Ubuntu 13.04  sort of works, but not quite.. it syncs the files, but assistant on Ubuntu doesn't show the name for repo on Gentoo (matching versions are important?)

 - When pairing it doesn't check if localhost has running sshd

 - I think that was the reason why progress bars were showing pending transfers even after the status message about syncing was green after starting sshd (synced, already up-to-date)

### What steps will reproduce the problem?
Create repo on remote ssh server without global git settings.

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?
git-annex-4.20130601, Gentoo amd64

### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log
Initialized empty shared Git repository in /home/reinis/~/Annex/Lit/
init  
*** Please tell me who you are.

Run

  git config --global user.email "you@example.com"
  git config --global user.name "Your Name"

to set your account's default identity.
Omit --global to set the identity only in this repository.

fatal: unable to auto-detect email address (got 'reinis@RD-HC.(none)')

git-annex: user error (git ["--git-dir=/home/me/~/Annex/Lit","commit-tree","4b825dc642cb6eb9a060e54bf8d69288fbee4904"] efailed
xited 128)
git-annex: init: 1 failed


# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

> [[done]]; I've made git-annex detect such broken systems and configure them so git will work. (sigh!) --[[Joey]]
