### Please describe the problem.

I tried now for hours to understand why the filemanager inegration is just not working.
Debug output in Assistent/Install.hs is basically none existent so I don't even know if anything is run at all.
There is no dedicated process to get the .desktop files etc created or an example that you could use if the process fails.
I'm out of ideas now.

I tried running with GIT_ANNEX_PACKAGE_INSTALL=1 and without, tried to ensure directories exist. 

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

git annex assistant



### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

nixos

git-annex version: 6.20171003
build flags: Assistant Webapp Pairing S3(multipartupload)(storageclasses) WebDAV Inotify DBus DesktopNotify ConcurrentOutput TorrentParser MagicMime Feeds Quvi
dependency versions: aws-0.16 bloomfilter-2.0.1.0 cryptonite-0.23 DAV-1.3.1 feed-0.3.12.0 ghc-8.0.2 http-client-0.5.7.0 persistent-sqlite-2.6.2 torrent-10000.1.1 uuid-1.3.13 yesod-1.4.5
key/value backends: SHA256E SHA256 SHA512E SHA512 SHA224E SHA224 SHA384E SHA384 SHA3_256E SHA3_256 SHA3_512E SHA3_512 SHA3_224E SHA3_224 SHA3_384E SHA3_384 SKEIN256E SKEIN256 SKEIN512E SKEIN512 SHA1E SHA1 MD5E MD5 WORM URL
remote types: git gcrypt p2p S3 bup directory rsync web bittorrent webdav tahoe glacier ddar hook external
local repository version: 5
supported repository versions: 3 5 6
upgrade supported from repository versions: 0 1 2 3 4 5
operating system: linux x86_64


### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log


# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)

yes

