### Please describe the problem.
When a repository has no object of a given file and git annex fsck is run it still shows "fsck file ok", which is missleading in the sense, that it gives the impression that it checked the file is alright/checksummed.

As a result of this it seems that incremental fscks are not incremental with non checkable objects. On each run (after the first one) with "git annex fsck --incremental --more --schedule-limit 1d" all files without objects are checked even so it should wait another day till it checks again.

Probably best to say checksum couldn't be checked on x files (only give that as quiet output, not every check)

Another thing, which came up as a problem was, that checksum fsck would not be wanted to run as often as numcopie checks.
When the incremental fsck is used to check for bad files "git annex fsck --incremental --more --limit 1m" after a fast numcopies check "git annex fsck --incremental --more --limit 1m fast" it messes up the actual bad files check.
As both are currently using the same incremental "lock"-file they are colliding.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?
-

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?
git-annex version: 5.20140210-gd99db49
Linux (Ubuntu 13.10)

### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log


# End of transcript or log.
"""]]
