### Please describe the problem.

Adding a special gcrypt remote with encryption set to hybrid does not work as expected.
- files sent to this remote are not encrypted
- git annex info does not report that encryption is activated.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

I first saw this on a special remote that I frequently use. But creating a fresh git annex repo and a fresh gcrypt repository reproduces the problem.

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

The version of git-annex is 7.20200219-gcd8a208b8 on ArchLinux. I use the packaged version of my distribution.
With version 7.20191230 (recompiled using ArchLinux ABS system) problem is not present.

### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
$ git init annex
$ git init --bare crypt
$ cd annex 
$ git annex init
$ echo "test file" > test
$ git annex initremote crypt type=gcrypt encryption=hybrid keyid=XXX gitrepo=../crypt
$ git annex add test
$ git annex sync --content
# file is in clear in the annex
$ cat ../crypt/annex/objects/*/*/*/*
test file
# git annex info reports encryption: noneNothing and hybrid is not part of the accepted choices ?
$ git annex info crypt
uuid: 481d596b-489b-53ae-b326-035561b5d915
description: [crypt]
trust: semitrusted
remote: crypt
cost: 110.0
type: gcrypt
repository location: /home/XXX/crypt
last synced: 2020-02-26 10:12:32 UTC
encryption: noneNothing[Accepted "autoenable",Accepted "exporttree",Accepted "importtree",Accepted "name",Accepted "type"]
chunking: none
remote annex keys: 1
remote annex size: 10 bytes

"""]]

### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)

I am using git-annex since 2014 for all kinds of situations and I am very grateful for all the work you've put into this software. It even gets better over time ;)

