### Please describe the problem.
`git annex sync` is not automatically run for gcrypt remotes using rsync with a relative path

### What steps will reproduce the problem?
Flow 1 (relative path, broken)

* `git remote add test gcrypt::rsync://user@user.rsync.net:relative/path/to/repo`
* `git annex sync` -> DOES NOT SYNC to test remote
* Nothing has been synced so I CANNOT successfully clone from the test remote with `git clone gcrypt::rsync://user@user.rsync.net:relative/path/to/repo`
* `git push test git-annex master`
* I can successfully clone from the test remote with `git clone gcrypt::rsync://user@user.rsync.net:relative/path/to/repo`

Flow 2 (absolute path, working)

* `git remote add test gcrypt::rsync://user@user.rsync.net/full/path/to/repo`
* `git annex sync` -> DOES SYNC to test remote
* I can successfully clone from the test remote with `git clone gcrypt::rsync://user@user.rsync.net:relative/path/to/repo`


### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?
* Debian 11
* git-annex version: 10.20230227
* git-remote-gcrypt version 1.5


### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log


# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)
I am VERY happy with git annex and am using it successfully with a gcrypt remote using an absolute path :)

> [[fixed|done]] --[[Joey]]
