<h4>What steps will reproduce the problem?</h4>
<pre><code>    git init /tmp/test
    cd /tmp/test
    git annex init
    touch òó ō
    git annex add òó ō
    git annex find --include='*'
</code></pre>

<h4>What is the expected output? What do you see instead?</h4>
Only <tt>ō</tt> is listed. Files containing ISO8859-15 characters that are not in ASCII-7, such as <tt>òó</tt>, are not listed by
<code>git annex find --include='*'</code>. On the other hand, <code>git annex find --in=here</code> lists both.

<h4>What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?</h4>
git-annex 4.20130227, on Debian GNU/Linux (sid, i386).

<h4>Please provide any additional information below.</h4>
<pre><code>    ~$ locale
    LANG=en_US.UTF-8
    LANGUAGE=en
    LC_CTYPE="en_US.UTF-8"
    LC_NUMERIC=C
    LC_TIME=en_DK.UTF-8
    LC_COLLATE="en_US.UTF-8"
    LC_MONETARY="en_US.UTF-8"
    LC_MESSAGES="en_US.UTF-8"
    LC_PAPER=sv_SE.UTF-8
    LC_NAME=sv_SE.UTF-8
    LC_ADDRESS=sv_SE.UTF-8
    LC_TELEPHONE=sv_SE.UTF-8
    LC_MEASUREMENT=sv_SE.UTF-8
    LC_IDENTIFICATION="en_US.UTF-8"
    LC_ALL=
</code></pre>

> Tracked this back to a bug in either the C library or the haskell
> regex-posix wrpaper around it. I'm not sure which, but I emailed the
> maintainer of the haskell library. It just doesn't think these
> things are characters; even `.` fails to match them! Everything should
> match that...
> 
> There are apparently quite a lot of bugs on POSIX regex libraries
> as implemented on different systems:
> <http://www.haskell.org/haskellwiki/Regex_Posix>
> 
> It seemed best to jettison this dependency entirely; I've switched it to
> haskell's pure regex-tdfa library, which works nicely. [[done]]
> --[[Joey]]
