### Please describe the problem.

I'm trying to get git-annex running on a WD MyCloud EX2 NAS.

There are a number of issues, I imagine to overcome, a few of which I've already managed to overcome.


### What steps will reproduce the problem?

I've managed to get it to work as special remote via rsync. But, it's nowhere near ideal. I was hoping to get working properly by installing git-annex locally on the machine.

FYI, git 2.6.1 is already installed on the NAS.

I can ssh into the NAS no problem. Only user sshd is allowed to ssh, but that's ok. Furthermore, the which command is missing, which prevented webapp lunched on my Mac from creating an rsync remote. Overcame that hurdle by "faking" it:
[[!format sh """
    > echo \#\!\/bin\/sh > /usr/bin/which
    > echo command \-v \$\@ >> /usr/bin/which
    > chmod +x /usr/bin/which
"""]]

I've downloaded the latest arm build. After untaring and running runshell successfully, I can't get through the next step, which is running git annex. It results in the following error:
[[!format sh """
    > git annex
    /mnt/HD/HD_a2/git-annex/shimmed/git-annex/git-annex: error while loading shared libraries: /mnt/HD/HD_a2/git-annex/shimmed/git-annex/git-annex: ELF load command alignment not page-aligned
    fatal: 'annex' appears to be a git command, but we were not able to execute it. Maybe git-annex is broken?
"""]]

same goes for
[[!format sh """
    > runshell git-annex-shell -c git annex:
    /mnt/HD/HD_a2/Nas_Prog/git-annex/shimmed/git-annex-shell/git-annex-shell: error while loading shared libraries: /mnt/HD/HD_a2/Nas_Prog/git-annex/shimmed/git-annex-shell/git-annex-shell: ELF load command alignment not page-aligned
"""]]

and pretty much any of the git-annex binaries.

Compiling from source is not an option.
Any ideas? Thanks.

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

I'm trying the latest version of git-annex-standalone-armel.tar.gz downloaded 2015-10-10.

uname -a:  Linux WDMyCloudEX2 3.2.40 #4 Fri Jul 31 16:04:18 CST 2015 armv7l GNU/Linux


### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log


# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)

Sure, runs on my Mac laptop
