### Please describe the problem.

"Git annex sync" stopped working when syncing my NAS to my Laptop, it just eats up all the memory on the NAS without any result. When running the debug mode I found out that it stops working when it tries to run "git-annex-shell 'configlist' 'mygitannexfolder'".
That's the first command to be run on the NAS over ssh.

I traced the problem down and the following command also won't work without any output just eating up all memory:
ssh myuser@mynas "git-annex-shell 'configlist' 'mygitannexfolder'"

But when I log in to the NAS and run the git-annex-shell script inside the .ssh folder with exactly the same command, it works perfectly and returns the uuid and so on.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?
Execute on PC (doesn't work, just uses all memory and crashes): ssh myuser@mynas "git-annex-shell 'configlist' 'mygitannexfolder'"
Execute on NAS (should work): ./.ssh/git-annex-shell "git-annex-shell 'configlist' 'mygitannexfolder'"


### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?
git-annex version: 5.20140412ubuntu1
build flags: Assistant Webapp Webapp-secure Pairing Testsuite S3 WebDAV Inotify DBus DesktopNotify XMPP DNS Feeds Quvi TDFA CryptoHash
key/value backends: SHA256E SHA1E SHA512E SHA224E SHA384E SKEIN256E SKEIN512E SHA256 SHA1 SHA512 SHA224 SHA384 SKEIN256 SKEIN512 WORM URL
remote types: git gcrypt S3 bup directory rsync web webdav tahoe glacier hook external
local repository version: 5
supported repository version: 5
upgrade supported from repository versions: 0 1 2 4

and the current bundle on the NAS

### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log


# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

> Went ahead with setting LOCPATH=/dev/null in runshell, so it won't
> run into whatever problem with the locales is causing it to hit this GHC
> bug. [[done]] (I hope) --[[Joey]]
