What steps will reproduce the problem?

Send a file with the character ':' in it. rsync fails to send those files from the command line as well
confusing them with hostnames. As far as I know a workaround is prepending the pathname with './'
(for rsync commandline invocation that is)

What is the expected output? What do you see instead?

    copy müzik/Mixxx/Recordings/2013-01-15_16h:13m:03s.mp3 (checking kaotik...) (to kaotik...) 
    git-annex: //home/alip/kaotika/.git/annex/transfer/download/effe4eef-926f-494c-a3b6-eeecdc208fb9/SHA256-s36349200--ce51eaf316b19c61831
    41f0bda1c54be7e590e5999753a4b1c16bafab93a3fc1: commitBuffer: invalid argument (invalid character)
    git-annex-shell: recvkey: 1 failed
    protocol version mismatch -- is your shell clean?
    (see the rsync man page for an explanation)
    rsync error: protocol incompatibility (code 2) at compat.c(174) [sender=3.0.9]


What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

    git-annex version: 3.20120807
    local repository version: 3
    default repository version: 3
    supported repository versions: 3
    upgrade supported from repository versions: 0 1 2

Operating system is Linux (Exherbo) although this isn't a packaged installation.
I installed it by hand from git sources.

Please provide any additional information below.

Thanks for the wonderful tool!

> This is a duplicate of
> [[bugs/commitBuffer:_invalid_argument___40__invalid_character__41__]],
> which was fixed in version 3.20120924. You need to upgrade the git-annex
> on kaotik. [[done]]
>
> (It has nothing to do with rsync or colon in filenames.) --[[Joey]]
