### Please describe the problem.
git annex sync fails with "error while loading shared libraries: hostname: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory" with hostname being the hostname of the remote git annex repo.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?
Running "git annex sync" in a normal git annex repo.

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?
Arch Linux with the git-annex-bin package from AUR

git-annex version: 5.20150317-g237d5b0
build flags: Assistant Webapp Webapp-secure Pairing Testsuite S3 WebDAV Inotify DBus DesktopNotify XMPP DNS Feeds Quvi TDFA
key/value backends: SHA256E SHA1E SHA512E SHA224E SHA384E SKEIN256E SKEIN512E MD5E SHA256 SHA1 SHA512 SHA224 SHA384 SKEIN256 SKEIN512 MD5 WORM URL
remote types: git gcrypt S3 bup directory rsync web bittorrent webdav tahoe glacier ddar hook external

### Please provide any additional information below.
people describing the same problem here: <https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/git-annex-bin/>

SSH and normal git operations work fine.

The --verbose flag doesn't change the output.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log
[dafo@simon-desktop dokumente_ga]$ git annex sync
commit  ok
pull leno 
dafo@leno: error while loading shared libraries: dafo@leno: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
fatal: Could not read from remote repository.
Please make sure you have the correct access rights
and the repository exists.
failed
push leno 
dafo@leno: error while loading shared libraries: dafo@leno: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
fatal: Could not read from remote repository.
Please make sure you have the correct access rights
and the repository exists.
  Pushing to leno failed.
  (non-fast-forward problems can be solved by setting receive.denyNonFastforwards to false in the remote's git config)
failed
git-annex: sync: 2 failed

# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

