### Please describe the problem.

My ~/.git-credentials file has several lines like this

    https://xxx:yyy@api-zzz.falsifian.sandcats.io

which git uses to access some remotes at falsifian.sandcats.io over https, including remotes for some git-annex repositories. (The use of https is due to technical limitation in the Sandstorm software that is hosting the git repositories.)

Ocasionally, running a git-annex command will cause one of those lines to disappear, which breaks my access to all the git remotes under the corresponding hostname (git starts asking for a password).

I think the command that most recently caused it is `git annex sync sandstorm`; `sandstorm` is the name of one of those remotes. In fact, maybe that's the only command that causes this behaviour; I'm not sure. It only happens once in a while.

Even when git-annex doesn't _delete_ one of those lines, I still sometimes see the lines get re-ordered, so `~/.git-credentials` is being edited for some reason unknown to me.

I have this in ~/.gitconfig:

    [credential]
	    helper = store

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

I haven't been able to reproduce it consistently. My best guess is it occasionally happens when I run `git annex sync sandstorm` where "sandstorm" is a remote depending on some line in `~/.git-credentials`.

If someone could give me a clue about why `git annex sync` would result in `~/.git-credentials` being edited, that might help me dig deeper.

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

Most recently observed with git-annex 8.20201116 on NixOS. I think I've also seen it on OpenBSD with git-annex 8.20200815-g55c156a53 (built from source).

### Please provide any additional information below.

I don't have a transcript that would illustrate the problem, but the behaviour is visible as a git prompt appearing (graphical or on CLI) asking me for a password to log into the git remote.

### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)

It works beautifully, other than occasionally clobbering `~/.git-credentials` :-)

