### Please describe the problem.

I am trying to install git-annex on the Fairphone with Android/Termux. 


### What steps will reproduce the problem?

Running 

$ source git-annex-install


### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

Fairphone Open Android 6.0, Marshmallow 

$ uname -a
Linux localhost 3.4.0-gcde0e65 #1 SMP PREEMPT Wed Apr 11 16:49:55 BST 2018 armv7l Android


### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log

$ source git-annex-install
unknown architecture armv7l, cannot install
Connection to [host] closed.


# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

after changing the line

    arm)

to

    arm|armv7l)

I get:

[[!format sh """

$ sh git-annex-install > out 2> out.err

$ cat out
Installing dependencies with termux pkg manager...
Hit:1 https://termux.net stable InRelease
Reading package lists...
Building dependency tree...
Reading state information...
All packages are up to date.
Reading package lists...
Building dependency tree...
Reading state information...
coreutils is already the newest version (8.30-1).
git is already the newest version (2.19.1).
proot is already the newest version (5.1.107-18).
tar is already the newest version (1.30-1).
wget is already the newest version (1.19.5-1).
0 upgraded, 0 newly installed, 0 to remove and 0 not upgraded.
Downloading git-annex...

$ tail -n 15 out.err
 59450K .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... 99%  734K 0s
 59500K .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... 99%  846K 0s
 59550K .......... .......... .......... .......... ...       100%  759K=95s

2018-10-31 16:42:08 (630 KB/s) - written to stdout [61023751/61023751]

Running on Android.. Adding git-annex to PATH for you, and tuning for optimal behavior.
proot error: execve("/data/data/com.termux/files/home/git-annex.linux/bin/git-annex"): No such file or directory
proot info: possible causes:
  * the program is a script but its interpreter (eg. /bin/sh) was not found;
  * the program is an ELF but its interpreter (eg. ld-linux.so) was not found;
  * the program is a foreign binary but qemu was not specified;
  * qemu does not work correctly (if specified);
  * the loader was not found or doesn't work.
fatal error: see `proot --help`.

"""]]

### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)

Yes! I use git-annex for many years now under Debian with no problems. Back when I recorded TV with my DVB-T card I used it to pushed files on external hard drives while being able to find them. I just now noticed 


