### Please describe the problem.

Creating a SSH remote git-annex repository using the assisstant gives transcript:

Initialized empty shared Git repository in /home/flindner/annex2/
exec: 76: git-annex: Argument list too long

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

Using assistent: Creating a new empty local repository. Next, add another remote server repository using SSH. Checking the server went fine. I choose creating git repository. After about 5 minutes the error message above appears. In that time on the server runshell and git take plenty of CPU power but almost no memory. The directory on the server is created, but pairing was not successfull.

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

Local: git-annex-standalone 4.20130909-1 from Archlinux AUR
Remote: git-annex-standalone-i386.tar.gz as of 13. sept. 13. on Debian Squeeze.

### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log

daemon.log is empty.

Log from the web GUI:

[2013-09-13 12:34:11 CEST] main: starting assistant version 4.20130827-g4f18612

  No known network monitor available through dbus; falling back to polling
(scanning...) [2013-09-13 12:34:11 CEST] Watcher: Performing startup scan
(started...) 


# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

> [[done]]; I have added a guard to runshell to detect when it has
> started to loop. Although I don't understand how a system could be
> misconfigured to let that happen, without going far out of your way to 
> mess it up, it's a failure mode that's worth guarding against. --[[Joey]]
