Running git-annex upgrade von a v5 repo fails:
----------------
$ git-annex upgrade
upgrade (v5 to v6...) (scanning for unlocked files...)
(recording state in git...)

git status will show some files to be modified, since content availability has changed and git-annex was unable to update the index. This is only a cosmetic problem affecting git status; git add, git commit, etc won't be affected. To fix the git status display, you can run: git update-index -q --refresh <file>
(recording state in git...)

git status will show some files to be modified, since content availability has changed and git-annex was unable to update the index. This is only a cosmetic problem affecting git status; git add, git commit, etc won't be affected. To fix the git status display, you can run: git update-index -q --refresh <file>

git-annex: user error (git ["--git-dir=.git","--work-tree=.","--literal-pathspecs","status","--porcelain"] exited -9)
failed
(recording state in git...)

git status will show some files to be modified, since content availability has changed and git-annex was unable to update the index. This is only a cosmetic problem affecting git status; git add, git commit, etc won't be affected. To fix the git status display, you can run: git update-index -q --refresh <file>
git-annex: upgrade: 1 failed
----------------

I have tried to run 
`git update-index -q --refresh`
in the working tree. This produced no output and the problem above persists.

Also
`git-annex repair`
did return without output (after a few hours) and the problem above persists. 

Version info:
  apt policy git-annex
  git-annex:
    Installed: 7.20190129-2~bpo9+1
    Candidate: 7.20190129-2~bpo9+1
    Version table:
  *** 7.20190129-2~bpo9+1 100
          100 http://ftp.debian.org/debian stretch-backports/main amd64 Packages
          100 /var/lib/dpkg/status
       6.20170101-1+deb9u2 990
          990 http://ftp.de.debian.org/debian stretch/main amd64 Packages
       6.20170101-1+deb9u1 990
          990 http://security.debian.org stretch/updates/main amd64 Packages

Would be happy if anybody could share some insight on how to get that repo to v7.

Regards,
Felix

> [[fixed|done]] --[[Joey]]
