### Please describe the problem.

aws 0.16 has a breaking change, causing git-annex' usage of S3.UploadPartResponse to fail.

[[!format haskell """
[325 of 546] Compiling Remote.S3        ( Remote/S3.hs, dist/dist-sandbox-8fbcd4b9/build/git-annex/git-annex-tmp/Remote/S3.o )

Remote/S3.hs:224:49: error:
    • The constructor ‘S3.UploadPartResponse’ should have 1 argument, but has been given 2
    • In the pattern: S3.UploadPartResponse _ etag
      In a stmt of a 'do' block:
        S3.UploadPartResponse _ etag <- sendS3Handle h req
      In the expression:
        do { let sz = ...;
             let p' = offsetMeterUpdate p (toBytesProcessed pos);
             let numchunks
                   = ceiling
                       (fromIntegral sz / fromIntegral defaultChunkSize :: Double);
             let popper = handlePopper numchunks defaultChunkSize p' fh;
             .... }
cabal: Leaving directory '.'
cabal: Error: some packages failed to install:
"""]]

I suggest switching to {} pattern matching, like this:

[[!format haskell """
S3.UploadPartResponse { S3.uprEtag = etag } <- sendS3Handle h req
"""]]

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

Try to build git-annex with aws 0.16.

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

Not sure, I got this build failure report from ilovezfs who I think uses Max OS X, and git-annex master.

### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log


# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)


