What steps will reproduce the problem?
On Arch Linux, using a cabal installation or prebuilt binaries:

    git-annex get foobar

The remote is an ssh URL: ssh://user@host/path/to/repo.git. Fetching the URL worked just fine.


What is the expected output? What do you see instead?
I expect git-annex to retrieve the file from the remote.
Insted I see this:

        get foobar (from origin...)                                              
        git-annex-shell: user error (unrecognized option `--uuid'                                                                                       
                                                                                 
        Usage: git-annex-shell [-c] command [parameters ...] [option ..]         
                                                                                 
        Options:                                                                 
                   --force         allow actions that may lose annexed data      
          -F       --fast          avoid slow operations                         
          -q       --quiet         avoid verbose output                          
          -v       --verbose       allow verbose output (default)                
          -d       --debug         show debug messages                           
          -b NAME  --backend=NAME  specify key-value backend to use              
                                                                                 
        Commands:                                                                
          configlist DIRECTORY          outputs relevant git configuration       
          inannex    DIRECTORY KEY ...  checks if keys are present in the annex  
          dropkey    DIRECTORY KEY ...  drops annexed content for specified keys 
          recvkey    DIRECTORY KEY      runs rsync in server mode to receive content
          sendkey    DIRECTORY KEY      runs rsync in server mode to send content
        )                                                                        
        rsync: connection unexpectedly closed (0 bytes received so far) [Receiver]
        rsync error: error in rsync protocol data stream (code 12) at io.c(605) [Receiver=3.0.9]
                                                                                 
          Unable to access these remotes: origin                                 
                                                                                 
          Try making some of these repositories available:                       
                5afcfc68-aa55-11e2-b5aa-73eac1531269 -- origin (my_remote)       
        failed                                                                   
        git-annex: get: 1 failed


What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?
git-annex does not understand a '--version' switch and I cannot find another option to print the version. It's the latest I just installed via cabal.
OS is Arch Linux on kernel 3.8.8

> This happens if the remote server has a very old version of
> git-annex-shell. While I would not, today, add a new option like
> --uuid that breaks backwards compatability as happened here, 
> I don't intend to try to make git-annex backwards compatible
> with that old version. Not even Debian stable has such an old version of 
> git-annex anymore, so there's no excuse not to upgrade. [[done]]
