### Please describe the problem.

I setup 3 repositories on my laptop and 3 on my server using the webapp, see the following scheme:

Laptop <- sync with -> Server

    /home/fabian/Dokumente (Client) <-> /mnt/raid/Dokumente (Full-Backup)
    /home/fabian/Bilder (Client)    <-> /mnt/raid/Bilder (Full-Backup)
    /mnt/data-common/Audio (Manual) <-> /mnt/raid/Audio (Full-Backup)

As you can see, the Audio folder is in manual mode on the laptop, so it does not get any files automatically.
If I now want to get a folder with 'git-annex get' I get the following error:

    fabian@fabian-thinkpad /mnt/data-common/Audio $ git-annex get Musik
    get Musik/+â„-/2003 - You Are Here (Bonus Disc)/01 - I've Been Lost.ogg (from eifel.fritz.box__mnt_raid_Audio...) 
      requested key is not present
    rsync: connection unexpectedly closed (0 bytes received so far) [Receiver]
    rsync error: error in rsync protocol data stream (code 12) at io.c(605) [Receiver=3.0.9]

      Unable to access these remotes: eifel.fritz.box__mnt_raid_Audio
    
      Try making some of these repositories available:
      	efe13d8c-2b02-455f-9874-b7043caa332f -- eifel.fritz.box__mnt_raid_Audio (fabian@eifel:/mnt/raid/Audio)
    failed

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

I do not really know the minimal setup to reproduce this problem.

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

git-annex 4.20130417 on Gentoo Linux using Ebuilds from Haskell overlay

> I suspect this was some kind of misconfiguration, or 
> one of the kinds of data corruption that git-annex can automatically heal from. 
> 
> I am pretty sure I didn't make any changes to git-annex that caused
> the problem to stop happening!
> 
> While it would be very good to get to the bottom of this, I don't see
> any benefit to keeping this report open without more info. [[done]] --[[Joey]]
