### Please describe the problem.

The git-annex package in Guix fails the test suite since git was updated to 2.50.0 (from 2.49.0). Since this was a simple version bump I assume it is not guix-specific.


### What steps will reproduce the problem?

Run git-annex' tests with git==2.50.0 installed.


### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

10.20250605 using Guix


### Please provide any additional information below.

Log excerpt from one of the failing tests:
[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log

Tests
  Repo Tests v10 unlocked
    Init Tests
      init:                             OK (0.15s)
      add:                              OK (0.50s)
    preferred content:                  OK (2.07s)
    conflict resolution (removed file): FAIL (2.31s)
      ./Test/Framework.hs:92:
      sync failed with unexpected exit code (transcript follows)
      commit  
      [master 11f1990] git-annex in tmprepo2
       1 file changed, 1 insertion(+), 1 deletion(-)
      ok
      merge synced/master 
      fatal: stash failed
      failed
      pull r1 
      From ../tmprepo1
         7080688..2926879  git-annex     -> r1/git-annex
         b7efeee..c72d963  master        -> r1/master
         b7efeee..c72d963  synced/master -> r1/synced/master
      
      CONFLICT (modify/delete): conflictor deleted in refs/remotes/r1/master and modified in HEAD.  Version HEAD of conflictor left in tree.
      Automatic merge failed; fix conflicts and then commit the result.
      (recording state in git...)
      
        Merge conflict was automatically resolved; you may want to examine the result.
      [master 873369e] git-annex automatic merge conflict fix
      
      Already up to date.
      ok
      (recording state in git...)
      push r1 
      remote: (merging synced/git-annex into git-annex...)        
      To ../tmprepo1
         7080688..ed3fd17  git-annex -> synced/git-annex
         c72d963..873369e  master -> synced/master
      ok
      sync: 1 failed
      
      Use -p '/conflict resolution (removed file)/' to rerun this test only.
    find:                               OK (0.87s)
    edit (no pre-commit):               OK (0.70s)
    magic:                              OK (0.75s)

1 out of 7 tests failed (7.35s)

# End of transcript or log.
"""]]
All failing tests seem to be related to conflict resolution.

### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)

Yes, it's awesome!
