### Please describe the problem.

This is coming from [[main repo not available on downloads.kitenet.net]], probably was the original issue, but since I already create a duplicate there, I won't assume anything (sorry about that!).

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

I am not sure. I know that I had an external drive with a clone of *some* repo related to `downloads.kitenet.net`. Doing a `git annex get` wouldn't work:

<pre>
anarcat@marcos:current$ cd /media/anarcat/VHS/downloads.kitenet.net/git-annex/linux/current/
anarcat@marcos:current$ git annex get git-annex-standalone-amd64.tar.gz
get git-annex-standalone-amd64.tar.gz (not available)
  Try making some of these repositories available:
        840760dc-08f0-11e2-8c61-576b7e66acfd -- main repo
        d7fa24ad-d104-4064-ad10-1078a4436e72 -- joey@elephant:~/lib/downloads
failed
git-annex: get: 1 failed
anarcat@marcos:current$ git remote -v
origin  git://git.kitenet.net/downloads.git (fetch)
origin  git://git.kitenet.net/downloads.git (push)
</pre>

it turns out i somehow managed to checkout from `git://git.kitenet.net/downloads.git`. I don't know where I got this URL from, may it was back when I created that other bug report and the git URL wasn't explicitely mentionned on http://downloads.kitenet.net/ It turns out that there's a `git-annex` branch there that diverged from the "real" one, and is lacking tracking information. changing the remote here fixed the problem:

<pre>
anarcat@marcos:current$ git remote set-url origin http://downloads.kitenet.net/.git/
anarcat@marcos:current$ git remote update
Récupération de origin
Depuis http://downloads.kitenet.net/
 + e9febdc...1a80292 git-annex  -> origin/git-annex  (mise à jour forcée)
anarcat@marcos:current$ git annex get git-annex-standalone-amd64.tar.gz
get git-annex-standalone-amd64.tar.gz (from origin...) --2015-02-26 18:40:47--  http://downloads.kitenet.net/.git//annex/objects/Pm/8Z/SHA256E-s45589010--f82e2f600763b0f25a45a96ddf7ed68f26c67122e22cf8833d4c2473475bbce2.tar.gz/SHA256E-s45589010--f82e2f600763b0f25a45a96ddf7ed68f26c67122e22cf8833d4c2473475bbce2.tar.gz
Résolution de downloads.kitenet.net (downloads.kitenet.net)… 66.228.36.95, 2600:3c03::f03c:91ff:fe73:b0d2
Connexion à downloads.kitenet.net (downloads.kitenet.net)|66.228.36.95|:80… connecté.
requête HTTP transmise, en attente de la réponse… 200 OK
[...]
</pre>

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

5.20141125 on debian jessie.

Sorry for the noise in that other bug report! I really thought it was the same issue .... --[[anarcat]]
