Sorry to be reporting another vague bug, this one interferes with my work unfortunately.

### Please describe the problem.
After uninstalling git-annix, running git commit returns the following error:

git: 'annex' is not a git command. See 'git --help'.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

Install git-annex using the ubuntu ppa of fmarcier like so:

    sudo apt-get install git-annex

Then remove it:

    sudo apt-get remove git-annex

Then go to work in a git project, that is not in annex and has no relation to it. Add your changes and run commit:

    git add my-new-file
    git commit -m "added new file"

I expect it to confirm the file is committed, instead I get the error message:
  
    git: 'annex' is not a git command. See 'git --help'.

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

Ubuntu 13.04, using the PPA by marcier linked on the branchable website.

> I don't think this is something I want to change.. `git-annex init`
> installs a pre-commit hook that runs `git annex fix`. If git-annex
> is removed that hook is left behind to fail. However, if you were really
> using git-annex in the repo, that's the least of your troubles. If you were
> using git-annex in the repo and stopped, then you should run `git annex uninit` to remove the hook.
>
> The only change I could make is to have the hook check if git-annex
> is in PATH before trying to run it. But this adds time and complexity
> to the usual case for a edge case. And keeps cruft around in the edge case
> rather than informing you of the problem. 
> 
> [[done]] --[[Joey]] 
