### Please describe the problem.
The git annex init command is failed.
Following this command the created file content in .git/annex/ssh.config contains these lines

Include ~/.ssh/config
Include /etc/ssh/ssh_config
ServerAliveInterval 60

The two first Include directive seems to be invalid for openssh, then it seems the ssh command is failed and it is analysed as the remote does not git-annex-shell installed.
Commenting these first 2 lines seems to fix the issue and then  regular git-annex commands can then be issued.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?
git annex init


### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?
Here is the output of git annex version

[[!format sh """
git-annex version: 6.20161031-g0a58e94
build flags: Assistant Webapp Pairing Testsuite S3(multipartupload)(storageclasses) WebDAV FsEvents XMPP ConcurrentOutput TorrentParser MagicMime Feeds Quvi
key/value backends: SHA256E SHA256 SHA512E SHA512 SHA224E SHA224 SHA384E SHA384 SHA3_256E SHA3_256 SHA3_512E SHA3_512 SHA3_224E SHA3_224 SHA3_384E SHA3_384 SKEIN256E SKEIN256 SKEIN512E SKEIN512 SHA1E SHA1 MD5E MD5 WORM URL
remote types: git gcrypt S3 bup directory rsync web bittorrent webdav tahoe glacier ddar hook external
local repository version: 5
supported repository versions: 3 5 6
upgrade supported from repository versions: 0 1 2 3 4 5
operating system: darwin x86_64

"""]]

It is run on os X el capitan

### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log


# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)

Yes sure, it's a great software !
Basically commenting the first 2 lines seems to fix the issue.
I would just like to be sure nothing else is hidden.




> [[fixed|done]] by adding "IgnoreUnknown Include" 
> to the top of `.git/annex/ssh_config`. Thus supporting the old ssh
> version without needing to probe for its version number.
> 
> IgnoreUnknown itself was added back in ssh 6.4, in 2013, so
> using git-annex with such an old ssh will still not work, but
> such an old ssh probably has security holes anyway. (Debian oldstable has
> such an old version of ssh, but Debian stable has 6.5.)
> 
> I decided not to update existing `.git/annex/ssh_config` 
> since a) the user may have edited it and b) it would slow down every call
> git-annex makes to ssh and c) as noted this problem makes git-annex mark
> remotes as annex-ignore, and the user will need to manually edit
> .git/config to remove that in order to recover from the problem, so might
> as well remove `.git/annex/ssh_config` too.
> --[[Joey]]
