### Please describe the problem.
git annex sync fails with "Unknown command 'i3'". i3 is the name of one annex. 


### What steps will reproduce the problem?

git annex clone i3:PATH annex

git annex sync

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?
git-annex version: 5.20140920-gb0c4300
build flags: Assistant Webapp Webapp-secure Pairing Testsuite S3 WebDAV Inotify DBus DesktopNotify XMPP DNS Feeds Quvi TDFA CryptoHash
key/value backends: SHA256E SHA1E SHA512E SHA224E SHA384E SKEIN256E SKEIN512E SHA256 SHA1 SHA512 SHA224 SHA384 SKEIN256 SKEIN512 WORM URL
remote types: git gcrypt S3 bup directory rsync web webdav tahoe glacier ddar hook external

on Linux Mint Qiana

### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log

 git annex sync
(merging origin/git-annex origin/synced/git-annex into git-annex...)
(Recording state in git...)
commit  ok
pull origin 
git-annex: Unknown command 'i3'

Did you mean one of these?
	fix
	edit
	init
	find
	add
	get
	vicfg
	log
	map
	drop
	move
	copy
	lock
	sync
	import
	uninit
	dead
	fsck
	direct
	help
	test

fatal: Could not read from remote repository.

Please make sure you have the correct access rights
and the repository exists.
failed
push origin 
git-annex: Unknown command 'i3'

Did you mean one of these?
	fix
	edit
	init
	find
	add
	get
	vicfg
	log
	map
	drop
	move
	copy
	lock
	sync
	import
	uninit
	dead
	fsck
	direct
	help
	test

fatal: Could not read from remote repository.

Please make sure you have the correct access rights
and the repository exists.

  Pushing to origin failed.

  (non-fast-forward problems can be solved by setting receive.denyNonFastforwards to false in the remote's git config)
failed
git-annex: sync: 2 failed

# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

> Chalking this one up as a local misconfiguration; I think it's ok for 
> git-annex to run the version of itself ~/.config/git-annex/program
> points to. So, [[done]] --[[Joey]]
