### Please describe the problem.

Git-annex-uninit leaves the underlying git-repo in an unusable state because it does not revert whatever modifications the current git-annex version does to git-add.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

    git init Test
    cd Test
    touch test1.txt; git add test1.txt; git commit -m "initial commit"
    git annex init
    git annex uninit
    touch test2.txt
    git add test2.txt

The last command fails with:

    git-annex: First run: git-annex init
    error: external filter 'git-annex smudge --clean -- %f' failed 1
    error: external filter 'git-annex smudge --clean -- %f' failed``


### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

    git-annex version: 7.20190912-gab739242a3
    build flags: Assistant Webapp Pairing S3 WebDAV Inotify DBus DesktopNotify TorrentParser MagicMime Feeds Testsuite
    dependency versions: aws-0.21.1 bloomfilter-2.0.1.0 cryptonite-0.26 DAV-1.3.3 feed-1.2.0.0 ghc-8.6.5 http-client-0.6.4 persistent-sqlite-2.10.5 torrent-10000.1.1 uuid-1.3.13     yesod-1.6.0
    key/value backends: SHA256E SHA256 SHA512E SHA512 SHA224E SHA224 SHA384E SHA384 SHA3_256E SHA3_256 SHA3_512E SHA3_512 SHA3_224E SHA3_224 SHA3_384E SHA3_384 SKEIN256E SKEIN256 SKEIN512E SKEIN512 BLAKE2B256E BLAKE2B256 BLAKE2B512E BLAKE2B512 BLAKE2B160E BLAKE2B160 BLAKE2B224E BLAKE2B224 BLAKE2B384E BLAKE2B384 BLAKE2BP512E BLAKE2BP512 BLAKE2S256E BLAKE2S256 BLAKE2S160E BLAKE2S160 BLAKE2S224E BLAKE2S224 BLAKE2SP256E BLAKE2SP256 BLAKE2SP224E BLAKE2SP224 SHA1E SHA1 MD5E MD5 WORM URL
    remote types: git gcrypt p2p S3 bup directory rsync web bittorrent webdav adb tahoe glacier ddar git-lfs hook external
    operating system: linux x86_64
    supported repository versions: 7
    upgrade supported from repository versions: 0 1 2 3 4 5 6
    local repository version: 7


### Please provide any additional information below.

I accidentally discovered this after a system upgrade that included the latest version of git-annex. I wasn't aware of git-add's new behaviour, and so my workflow suddenly failed silently: I was used to manually using git-annex for big files, but from day to day, I just used git normally and synced my workstations through a remote that didn't have git-annex. Now the content of my new files didn't propagate any more; I was mystified, since the files that didn't propagate looked normal (they weren't symlinks, as I was used to for annexed files, and at first I couldn't figure out how to know whether they were annexed or not). As I was in a rush and didn't have access to the internet to clear things up, I kind of panicked and tried getting rid of git-annex before it did more damage…

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log


# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)

I love git-annex (a brilliantly designed piece of software in my view) and have been using it a lot for years!
