### Please describe the problem.

I have a repo on a server running in direct mode.  This repo is running Ubuntu 12.04 LTS.  I run a windows laptop and the git-annex client to synchronise via SSH.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

I set up the repo as normal on the server, clone it on the laptop, then when I issue the 'git annex get workspace' command to get the content for the workspace directory there are 10 random files with which I am getting the following error:

get workspace/XXXXXXXX/Functional_Design/test3.docx (from origin...)
[2014-07-23 11:28:42 GMT Daylight Time] read: rsync ["--progress","--inplace","-
e","'ssh' '-T' 'adam@172.21.25.11' 'git-annex-shell ''sendkey'' ''/mnt/NAS1/repo
s/XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX'' ''SHA256E-s31601--6f4995ef93be1f640a8b229f84abc69bd44daf63
6afeae9c1bcf91a6287cd92b.docx'' --uuid 51dce2ea-39c6-4498-a99d-8e189c154eef ''--
'' ''remoteuuid=c5ec0b9a-b79e-4f3b-8f28-0e869b150f9c'' ''direct=1'' ''associated
file=workspace/XXXXXXXX/Functional_Design/test3.docx'' ''--'''","--","dummy:","/
cygdrive/c/repos/XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX/.git/annex/tmp/SHA256E-s31601--6f4995ef93be1f
640a8b229f84abc69bd44daf636afeae9c1bcf91a6287cd92b.docx"]
  requested key is not present
rsync: connection unexpectedly closed (0 bytes received so far) [Receiver]
rsync error: error in rsync protocol data stream (code 12) at /home/lapo/package
/rsync-3.0.9-1/src/rsync-3.0.9/io.c(605) [Receiver=3.0.9]

  rsync failed -- run git annex again to resume file transfer

  Unable to access these remotes: origin

  Try making some of these repositories available:
        51dce2ea-39c6-4498-a99d-8e189c154eef -- root@vpndude:/mnt/NAS1/repos/XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX [origin]
failed

I have checked the files and the keys and they all seem to match.  There are hundreds of other files which do work fine.

I deleted the laptop repo and cloned again and had another attempt but the same thing occured again.

I have checked permissions on these files and they are identical to other files which are working.

I have run git annex sync on the server and the laptop, this has no impact.

I have run git annex fsck on both server and laptop and this has no impact.

I'm clueless as to why this is happening.

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

Ubuntu 12.04 LTS:
git-annex version: 5.20140716-g8c14ba8
build flags: Assistant Webapp Webapp-secure Pairing Testsuite S3 WebDAV Inotify DBus DesktopNotify XMPP DNS Feeds Quvi TDFA CryptoHash
key/value backends: SHA256E SHA1E SHA512E SHA224E SHA384E SKEIN256E SKEIN512E SHA256 SHA1 SHA512 SHA224 SHA384 SKEIN256 SKEIN512 WORM URL
remote types: git gcrypt S3 bup directory rsync web webdav tahoe glacier ddar hook external
local repository version: 5
supported repository version: 5
upgrade supported from repository versions: 0 1 2 4

Windows 7:
git-annex version: 5.20140717-g3de6e4b
build flags: Assistant Webapp Webapp-secure Pairing Testsuite S3 WebDAV DNS Feed
s Quvi TDFA CryptoHash
key/value backends: SHA256E SHA1E SHA512E SHA224E SHA384E SKEIN256E SKEIN512E SH
A256 SHA1 SHA512 SHA224 SHA384 SKEIN256 SKEIN512 WORM URL
remote types: git gcrypt S3 bup directory rsync web webdav tahoe glacier ddar ho
ok external
local repository version: 5
supported repository version: 5
upgrade supported from repository versions: 2 3 4

### Please provide any additional information below.



[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log


# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

> [[done]]; does not appear to be a git-annex bug. --[[Joey]]
