### Please describe the problem.



since a bit of time i have a strange probleme. My git annex environement look like this :

A E  
|\ /  
| C--D  
|/ \  
B F.....G  

the dot point because G is an external drive and can be plug anywhere else. let's say my last comit is **db1a9a** If i add some file on the repo from G and sync point to point like : i'm in G : git annex sync F a new commit is created say **61dacd** go F git annex sync D go D git annex sync E ...etc

at some point my commit **61dacd** becomme the parent of a new commit i dono the source ... let's say **4fcdae**

in git log i found

commit 4fcdae... (HEAD -> master, B/synced/ma ster, B/master, C/synced/master, C/master, synced/master)

and that commit just undo all the change done by the previous one, indeed :

git diff **4fcdae** **db1a9a** -> nothing

this... force me to play with branch like every time and anoyed me alot. I don't understand what's happening here. Does any one have any clue/insight on what i can do to fix this/investigate ?

All repo are at the commit **db1a9a** before i start...

best regards


### What steps will reproduce the problem?

i'm not sur on how i can reproduce it. It happens time to time.

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

Ubuntu 18.04.4 LTS -> git-annex version: 6.20180227  
Ubuntu 14.04.6 LTS -> git-annex version: 5.20140412ubuntu1  
freebsd 12.1-RELEASE-p3 -> git-annex version: 7.20190626    
debian 10.4 -> git-annex version: 7.20190129  
debian 8.11 -> git-annex version: 5.20141125+oops-1+deb8u2  
Ubuntu 18.04.4 LTS -> git-annex version: 6.20180227  



### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log


# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)

nope allways have this weird bug who come to haunt me time to time.
