### Please describe the problem.
attempting to the use feature which allows me to connect to a friends remote repository results in failure, in which i have tested using multiple methods

### What steps will reproduce the problem?
#### webapp
* open the webapp
* add repository
* choose "share with a friend"
* click "lets get started"
* encounter the error found in the transcript below


#### COMMAND LINE
##### enable tor
* git annex enable tor
* encounter error found in the transcript below

##### p2p --pair
* git annex p2p --pair
* encounter the error found in the transcript

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?



### Please provide any additional information below.

### external dependency version info
git annex: using git annex found in nixos repositories
python version: attempted both python3 and python2.7
magic-wormhole version: attempted both 0.12.0 under python3, and version 0.10.0 under python2.7
tor version information: Tor version 0.4.7.10.
Tor is running on Linux with Libevent 2.1.12-stable, OpenSSL 1.1.1q, Zlib 1.2.12, Liblzma 5.2.5, Libzstd 1.5.2 and Glibc 2.34 as libc.
Tor compiled with GCC version 11.3.0


### transcript

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log

#### WEBAPP

Failed to enable tor

enable-tor 
  You may be prompted for a password
git-annex: This can only be run in a git-annex repository.

git-annex: Failed to run as root: /nix/store/c42x83x25df9xd053xiii24mawnrlvrd-git-annex-10.20220504/bin/git-annex enable-tor 1000
failed
enable-tor: 1 failed

#### COMMAND LINE
##### enable tor
git annex enable-tor
Failed to enable tor

enable-tor 
  You may be prompted for a password
git-annex: This can only be run in a git-annex repository.

git-annex: Failed to run as root: /nix/store/c42x83x25df9xd053xiii24mawnrlvrd-git-annex-10.20220504/bin/git-annex enable-tor 1000
failed
enable-tor: 1 failed
##### git annex p2p --pair
git annex p2p --pair

p2p pair peer1 (using Magic Wormhole) 

  Failed sending data to pair.
failed
p2p: 1 failed

# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)

git annex has been awesome so far in helping track and backup my data, also for allowing me to output podcasts/audiobooks to a small mp3 player, as well as ebooks and pdfs to a kindle paper ewhite, which has made using my ereader no longer an inconvinient endeavour 
