### Please describe the problem.

With a version above 5.20141125, git annex wants all remotes to get all files
when one remote wants standard.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

- Create repo "a" and "b"
- Add "b" as a remote of "a"
- Add a file in "a"
- In "a", try git annex copy --to b. Nothing happens: this is the excepted behaviour
- In "a", run git annex wanted here standard
- In "a", try git annex copy --to b. Now, it wants to copy the file to "b" without any obvious (to me) reason

It may be useful to emphasis the fact that git-annex wanted to copy a file to "b" while we did not change the preferred content of "b".

I tried with the version 5.20141125 and the problem does not occur. It occurs
though with the versions, 5.20150731-1, 5.20150916-1 and 5.20150930-g40fdbe9.

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

    $ git annex version
    git-annex version: 5.20150930-g40fdbe9
    build flags: Assistant Webapp Webapp-secure Pairing Testsuite S3 WebDAV Inotify DBus DesktopNotify XMPP DNS Feeds Quvi TDFA Database
    key/value backends: SHA256E SHA256 SHA512E SHA512 SHA224E SHA224 SHA384E SHA384 SHA3_256E SHA3_256 SHA3_512E SHA3_512 SHA3_224E SHA3_224 SHA3_384E SHA3_384 SKEIN256E SKEIN256 SKEIN512E SKEIN512 SHA1E SHA1 MD5E MD5 WORM URL
    remote types: git gcrypt S3 bup directory rsync web bittorrent webdav tahoe glacier ddar hook external
    local repository version: 5
    supported repository version: 5
    upgrade supported from repository versions: 0 1 2 4

### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
mkdir a
cd a
git init
git annex init
echo a > a
git annex add
git commit -m "first commit"
git clone . ../b
git remote add b file://$(pwd)/../b
git annex sync b
git annex copy --to b --auto # nothing happens, this is normal
git annex wanted here standard
git annex copy --to b --auto # now, it copies the file to b. Why ??
"""]]

### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)

Definitely! git-annex is a wonderful tool that I have been using every day to manage all my files for 2 years now. Thank you for this excellent software.
