### Please describe the problem.

I plugged in a usb drive, did git annex sync and it git fast-forward and deleted about 600 files that I had added on my laptop. 

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

Obviously, I'm not sure really because I don't plug this usb drive every day to sync so I don't remember what I did last time. But I suppose I just finished with git annex sync and unplugged it. When the accident occured:

 1. The usb drive was in direct mode whereas the laptop was in indirect mode at the time. 
 2. I git annex sync the usb drive
 3. I git annex sync the laptop

Anyway, the big mistake I did was syncing the laptop as well, naively thinking it would correct the usb drive; but instead it also deleted the files on the laptop. I had a back up of most of it so it was okay.

---

So now I git reset --hard to a commit before I synced, so I still have my files. But how can I fix this situation?

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

Arch Linux

git-annex version: 5.20140128
build flags: S3 DBus TDFA CryptoHash
key/value backends: SHA256E SHA1E SHA512E SHA224E SHA384E SKEIN256E SKEIN512E SHA256 SHA1 SHA512 SHA224 SHA384 SKEIN256 SKEIN512 WORM URL
remote types: git gcrypt S3 bup directory rsync web glacier hook external
local repository version: 5
supported repository version: 5
upgrade supported from repository versions: 0 1 2 4


### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log


# End of transcript or log.
"""]]
