### Please describe the problem.

1. Some files remain symlinked after aborted `git annex add` and completed `git annex unannex`
2. This files are present in``.git/annex/objects` but `git annex unused` does not find them. Running `git annex whereused --key=SHA256E...` runs empty.

To restore files and remove them from git-annex objects folder - need manual workarounds or hacks like adding file again with `git annex add` and trying to removing it again 

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

1. run `git annex add` and abort operation mid-way (this was on directory with large number of files ~3K and running with 12 jobs command switch)
2. run `git annex unannex` until done
3. find that some files that were added - were restored, and some still symlinked but are not tracked by git annex


### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

Debian Bookworm / git-annex version: 10.20240227-1

### Please provide any additional information below.

Similar report from another user here:
https://git-annex.branchable.com/forum/File_still_symlinked_after_git_annex_unannex/

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log


# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)


Yes, using it extensively for a few years with terabytes of data
