### Please describe the problem.

`git annex export --fast main --to <remote>` deletes existing files on a rsync ssh remote. My mental model was that `--fast` usually instructs git-annex to not do (slow) network connections.

My use-case for a fast export is to add an existing ssh-accessible non-git directory on a HPC system as a potential data source for a git-annex repository. The repository has additional information like how to retrieve the files from a third-party, while the directory on HPC only has the files (which were downloaded without git-annex involvement already). My plan was to add the directory as an exporttree remote, make git-annex think that the current main branches tree should be available there via the fast export, and then do a `git annex fsck --from <remote>` to discover what's actually there. Obviously it is very undesirable to loose those files on export then.

From what I understand I could hack around this if I graft the tree into the git-annex branch and write export.log myself, but I am wondering if I am just encountering a bug and this should work the way I wanted it to.


### What steps will reproduce the problem?

- Create a git-annex repository and add some files
- Create a plain directory with (a subset of) the same filenames in the repository
- Add this directory as an rsync export remote: `git annex initremote <remote> type=rsync rsyncurl=<host>:<path> exporttree=yes encryption=none`
- `git annex export --fast main --to <remote>`
- Observe files being deleted on the remote


### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

```
git-annex version: 10.20260115-ge8de977f1d5b5ac57cfe7a0c66d4e1c3ff337af1
build flags: Assistant Webapp Inotify DBus DesktopNotify TorrentParser MagicMime Benchmark Feeds Testsuite S3 WebDAV Servant OsPath
dependency versions: aws-0.25.2 bloomfilter-2.0.1.3 crypton-1.0.4 DAV-1.3.4 feed-1.3.2.1 ghc-9.10.3 http-client-0.7.19 torrent-10000.1.3 uuid-1.3.16 yesod-1.6.2.1
key/value backends: SHA256E SHA256 SHA512E SHA512 SHA224E SHA224 SHA384E SHA384 SHA3_256E SHA3_256 SHA3_512E SHA3_512 SHA3_224E SHA3_224 SHA3_384E SHA3_384 SKEIN256E SKEIN256 SKEIN512E SKEIN512 BLAKE2B256E BLAKE2B256 BLAKE2B512E BLAKE2B512 BLAKE2B160E BLAKE2B160 BLAKE2B224E BLAKE2B224 BLAKE2B384E BLAKE2B384 BLAKE2BP512E BLAKE2BP512 BLAKE2S256E BLAKE2S256 BLAKE2S160E BLAKE2S160 BLAKE2S224E BLAKE2S224 BLAKE2SP256E BLAKE2SP256 BLAKE2SP224E BLAKE2SP224 SHA1E SHA1 MD5E MD5 WORM URL GITBUNDLE GITMANIFEST VURL X*
remote types: git gcrypt p2p S3 bup directory rsync web bittorrent webdav adb tahoe glacier ddar git-lfs httpalso borg rclone hook external compute mask
operating system: linux x86_64
supported repository versions: 8 9 10
upgrade supported from repository versions: 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
local repository version: 10
```


### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log


# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)


[[!tag projects/ICE4]]
