### Please describe the problem.
With a newer version of git annex (8.20200226 vs 6.20170101) .git/annex/creds folder is not created after `git annex enableremote s3`
With an older version 6.20170101 creds are embedded all-right.

[[!format sh """
git annex info s3:

remote: s3
type: S3
creds: embedded in git repository (not encrypted)

"""]]

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

This is a bit tricky, as the remote was setup long ago, god knows with which git-annex version, but after you have an S3 remote, with embedcreds=yes:

run `git annex enableremote s3` with versions 8.20200226 and 6.20170101


[[!format sh """
# version 8.20200226
$ git annex enableremote s3
$ ls .git/annex/creds
ls: cannot access '.git/annex/creds': No such file or directory

# version 6.20170101
$ git annex enableremote s3
$ ls ../release-archive__/.git/annex/creds 
<s3-UUID>

$ git annex info s3:
remote: s3
type: S3
creds: embedded in git repository (not encrypted)

"""]]

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

8.20200226 and 6.20170101
Linux, Ubuntu 20.04


### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log


# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)


> [[fixed|done]] --[[Joey]]
