### Please describe the problem.

"git annex help" says to run "git-annex command --help", but doing so reports unrecognized option.


### What steps will reproduce the problem?

15:25:14 -0500 adam@tooz:/tmp$ git annex help
The most frequently used git-annex commands are:
        init    initialize git-annex
        add     add files to annex
        drop    indicate content of files not currently wanted
        get     make content of annexed files available
        move    move content of files to/from another repository
        copy    copy content of files to/from another repository
        sync    synchronize local repository with remotes
        whereis lists repositories that have file content
        fsck    check for problems

Run 'git-annex' for a complete command list.
Run 'git-annex command --help' for help on a specific command.
Run `git annex help options' for a list of common options.

15:26:27 -0500 adam@tooz:/tmp$ git annex add --help
git-annex: unrecognized option `--help'

Usage: git-annex add [PATH ...] [option ...]
    --include-dotfiles  don't skip dotfiles

To see additional options common to all commands, run: git annex help options

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

git-annex version: 5.20141125
build flags: Assistant Webapp Webapp-secure Pairing Testsuite S3 WebDAV Inotify DBus DesktopNotify XMPP DNS Feeds Quvi TDFA CryptoHash
key/value backends: SHA256E SHA1E SHA512E SHA224E SHA384E SKEIN256E SKEIN512E SHA256 SHA1 SHA512 SHA224 SHA384 SKEIN256 SKEIN512 WORM URL
remote types: git gcrypt S3 bup directory rsync web webdav tahoe glacier ddar hook external


### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log


# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)


