### Please describe the problem.
I am basically having issues with `git annex uninit`

### What steps will reproduce the problem?
    $ git init localrepo
    Initialized empty Git repository in /Users/w/work/temp/test/localrepo/.git/
    $ cd localrepo
    $ git annex init
    init  ok
    (recording state in git...)
    $ git annex uninit
    fatal: ambiguous argument 'HEAD': unknown revision or path not in the working tree.
    Use '--' to separate paths from revisions, like this:
    'git <command> [<revision>...] -- [<file>...]'
    Deleted branch git-annex (was 98f3795).
*********************
Now if I add a local file I get a different error

    $ git init localrepo
    Initialized empty Git repository in /Users/w/work/temp/test/localrepo/.git/
    $ cd localrepo
    $ git annex init
    init  ok
    (recording state in git...)
    $ date > secret_file
    $ git annex add secret_file
    add secret_file ok
    (recording state in git...)
    $ git commit -am "added"
    [master (root-commit) a2e1882] added
     1 file changed, 1 insertion(+)
     create mode 120000 secret_file
    $ git annex sync
    commit  
    On branch master
    nothing to commit, working directory clean
    ok
    $ git annex uninit
    unannex secret_file ok
    Deleted branch git-annex (was 6a727da).
    git-annex: failed to commit changes to sqlite database: Just SQLite3 returned ErrorCan'tOpen while attempting to perform open ".git/annex/keys/db".
    CallStack (from HasCallStack):
      error, called at ./Database/Handle.hs:111:26 in main:Database.Handle


### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

    $ brew info git-annex
    git-annex: stable 6.20160527 (bottled), HEAD
    Manage files with git without checking in file contents
    https://git-annex.branchable.com/
    /usr/local/Cellar/git-annex/6.20160527 (104 files, 87.0M) *
      Poured from bottle on 2016-06-06 at 15:36:47
    From: https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-core/blob/master/Formula/git-annex.rb
    ==> Dependencies
    Build: ghc ✘, cabal-install ✘, pkg-config ✔
    Required: gsasl ✔, libidn ✔, libmagic ✔, gnutls ✘, quvi ✔
    ==> Options
    --with-git-union-merge
    	Build the git-union-merge tool
    --HEAD
	Install HEAD version

### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log


# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)

I am super excited about what I can do with git-annex. I hope to setup and maintain encrypted repo(s) of some of my files, and access them by cloning a local copy of the encrypted repo and getting the files I want, using them, and then deleting the local copy.
