### Please describe the problem.

webapp needs to be killed and restarted to finish setting up a new repository

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

I run on a remote linux server

git annex webapp --listen=10.222.0.1:4000

I get a url printed

click the url, it opens in my browser
click make a repository, and it doesn't finish loading the web page
if I ctrl-c git on the remote server and start it up again, click
the url again, i can continue to set up the new repository


### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

git-annex version: 4.20130709
build flags: Assistant Webapp Pairing Testsuite S3 WebDAV Inotify DBus XMPP

debian wheezy with git-annex pinned from sid

### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log

[2013-07-19 08:09:54 EST] main: starting assistant version 4.20130709
WebApp crashed: unable to bind to local socket
[2013-07-19 08:09:54 EST] WebApp: warning WebApp crashed: unable to bind to local socket

  dbus failed; falling back to mtab polling (ClientError {clientErrorMessage = "runClient: unable to determine DBUS address", clientErrorFatal = True})

  No known network monitor available through dbus; falling back to polling
(scanning...) [2013-07-19 08:09:54 EST] Watcher: Performing startup scan
(started...) Merge made by the 'recursive' strategy.
 ...book.azw |    1 +
 1 file changed, 1 insertion(+)
 create mode 120000 Books/book.azw
[2013-07-19 08:13:03 EST] Committer: Committing changes to git


# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

> Duplicate; [[closed|done]]. --[[Joey]]
