### Please describe the problem.

When I clone git-annex with:

```
git clone git://git-annex.branchable.com/  git-annex
```

I get errors about filenames being too long and the checkout fails after the clone:


    $ git clone git://git-annex.branchable.com/  git-annex 
    Cloning into 'git-annex'...
    remote: Counting objects: 183837, done.
    remote: Compressing objects: 100% (51419/51419), done.
    remote: Total 183837 (delta 131729), reused 183837 (delta 131729)
    Receiving objects: 100% (183837/183837), 46.20 MiB | 4.90 MiB/s, done.
    Resolving deltas: 100% (131729/131729), done.
    error: unable to create file doc/bugs/Errors_on_Android__58___referenceTable_GDEF_length__61__778__44___referenceTable_GSUB_length__61__6388__44___referenceTable_GPOS_length__61__76868.mdwn: File name too long
    error: unable to create file doc/bugs/On_Lubuntu_14.04_assistant_fails_to_create_new_setup_or_actually_work___40__fixed_by_regular_lxsession_package_update_from_2014-06-30__41__.mdwn: File name too long
    error: unable to create file doc/bugs/__39__git_annex_get__39___fails_for_unlocked_files_with_special_characters___40__e.g._umlauts__41___when_using_precompiled_version_6.20160126-g2336107_.mdwn: File name too long
    fatal: cannot create directory at 'doc/bugs/__39__git_annex_get__39___fails_for_unlocked_files_with_special_characters___40__e.g._umlauts__41___when_using_precompiled_version_6.20160126-g2336107_': File name too long
    warning: Clone succeeded, but checkout failed.
    You can inspect what was checked out with 'git status'
    and retry the checkout with 'git checkout -f HEAD'

I would like to contribute, but I was a bit surprised by this problem right when I wanted to poke around in the code.

After the clone attempt running `git status` in the checkout directory produces a **huge** amount of output about deleted files and changes to the repo:

    $ git status
    On branch master
    Your branch is up-to-date with 'origin/master'.
    Changes to be committed:
    (use "git reset HEAD <file>..." to unstage)
    
    deleted:    .ghci
    deleted:    .gitattributes
    deleted:    .gitignore
    deleted:    .mailmap
    deleted:    Annex.hs
    deleted:    Annex/Action.hs
    deleted:    Annex/AdjustedBranch.hs
    ...


Note that I have snipped off over 10K lines of output from above!


### What steps will reproduce the problem?

Just try to clone it.


### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)

git-annex looks like a really promising project for my personal backups solution involving usb disks, and some external services such as Backblaze B2. I wanted to look into improving Backblaze B2 support (large file support, etc).

> [[done]]; ecryptfs is not supported --[[Joey]]
