### Please describe the problem.

Starting with git 2.37, `git annex init` fails with a lock issue.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

Run `git annex init` with git version > 2.36 (I tested 2.37.0 and 2.37.1)

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

10.20220624-g17e4081d4 on Arch Linux

### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log

arno@genie ⛁ /tmp/annex_test 
 ★ rm -rf .git

arno@genie ⛁ /tmp/annex_test 
 ★ git init
Initialized empty Git repository in /tmp/annex_test/.git/

arno@genie ⛁ /tmp/annex_test 
 ★ git annex init test
init test fatal: Unable to create '/tmp/annex_test/.git/annex/index.lock': File exists.

Another git process seems to be running in this repository, e.g.
an editor opened by 'git commit'. Please make sure all processes
are terminated then try again. If it still fails, a git process
may have crashed in this repository earlier:
remove the file manually to continue.

git-annex: failed to read sha from git write-tree
CallStack (from HasCallStack):
  error, called at ./Git/Sha.hs:23:15 in main:Git.Sha
failed
init: 1 failed

# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)

Yes ! git-annex is my goto tool for file storage.


