### Please describe the problem.



With the latest v10 git, I'm seeing some things like this:

```
get Pictures/0_New/5/20-03-31 21-12-12 0184.mp4 (from source...)   file content has changed


  Unable to access these remotes: source

  No other repository is known to contain the file.
failed
```

Now, the file content really had not chnaged. That file looks like this:

```
$ cat 20-03-31\ 21-12-12\ 0184.mp4 
/annex/objects/SHA256E-s55936559--0d418e4bb62cfc7ef5b053f8b622dd72794781a49931abc41bb9499acaf51b09.mp4
```

And on-disk, the file is:

```
$ sha256sum 20-03-31\ 21-12-12\ 0184.mp4 
0d418e4bb62cfc7ef5b053f8b622dd72794781a49931abc41bb9499acaf51b09  20-03-31 21-12-12 0184.mp4
```

The result here is that files are left around not checked out.

This is in an unlocked, thin repository and it is pulling in data from a directory special remote with importtree=yes.

The problem seems to be triggered by a file that has a duplicate somewhere in the source repository (with the same sha256sum). I was able to find another file with the same sha256sum as that one in the same directory. In the origin repo, in which the given files were not present and it's using unlock-present, all instances of the file contained a broken symlink to the appropriate target. In the repo in question here, which uses plain unlock and is on NTFS (though Linux is the OS accessing it), I'm having this problem.


### What steps will reproduce the problem?

Any command that causes it to load the file content from the special remote (eg, git annex import, or git annex get)

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

10.20220823 on Debian bullseye

### Please provide any additional information below.

Original conversation was at [[/bugs/Files_recorded_with_other_file__39__s_checksums/]].

### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)

Yes!  I used it for awhile with the assistant to sync a lot of files.

> [[fixed|done]] --[[Joey]]
