### Please describe the problem.

During an initial run of "git annex webapp", it gets stuck at the "Make repository" stage. Entering a directory and pressing "Make repository" takes the user back to the same page repeatedly, preventing them from advancing.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

Download https://downloads.kitenet.net/git-annex/linux/current/git-annex-standalone-i386.tar.gz from 2015-10-19 (sha1: 3b30de86d6790fdf80de90b2f54967de8345fe98 ) on an Ubuntu Trusty Tahr server, untar, run git-annex-webapp, attempt to make a Repository in ~/annex. "Make repository" fails to advance.

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

git-annex-standalone-i386.tar.gz downloaded on 2015-10-19 (sha1: 3b30de86d6790fdf80de90b2f54967de8345fe98), on Ubuntu Trusty Tahr (14.04.3).

### Please provide any additional information below.

The following is printed to the console (no daemon.log is generated):

[[!format sh """
~/src/git-annex.linux$ ./git-annex-webapp 
Launching web browser on file:///tmp/webapp8296.html


*** Please tell me who you are.

Run

  git config --global user.email "you@example.com"
  git config --global user.name "Your Name"

to set your account's default identity.
Omit --global to set the identity only in this repository.

fatal: empty ident name (for <k@home.everets.org>) not allowed
(recording state in git...)


# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

Manually running the "git config --global user.name" will allow the process to proceed. It will just be confusing to users who launched the webapp via a menu item.

### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)

Works well using the debian testing package on a debian laptop!
