### Please describe the problem.

Original case has more in [datalad github issue](https://github.com/datalad/datalad/issues/7371). 
In a nutshell in my words: a user has a repository which is v9, under ACL (but git annex works fine as is). A user clones from another user locally. `git annex init` fails to determine (doesn't record) UUID of the `origin` remote but also does not make it `git-annex` ignore.  If we manually set `origin` uuid within .git/config of the clone, then `git annex whereis` reports presence fine. But if we do `git annex get` (see [here](https://github.com/datalad/datalad/issues/7371#issuecomment-1546158732)), it says that it is unable to access remote origin, and suggests two other remotes (not available).

The sad part is that `git-annex` did not really give any reason ( in --debug) on why it didn't discover UUID or why it is unable to access it, e.g. here is output from `git annex init` in the clone when I think it should have discovered/recorded UUID

```
[2023-05-12 11:26:12.750934374] (Annex.Branch) read uuid.log
[2023-05-12 11:26:12.753755353] (Annex.Branch) set uuid.log
[2023-05-12 11:26:12.7539016] (Annex.Branch) read remote.log
[2023-05-12 11:26:12.755652872] (Utility.Process) process [43725] read: git ["config","--null","--list"]
[2023-05-12 11:26:12.763856026] (Utility.Process) process [43725] done ExitSuccess
[2023-05-12 11:26:12.76467482] (Utility.Process) process [43726] call: /usr/local/miniconda3/share/git-annex-10.20220927-0/bin/git-annex ["upgrade","--quiet","--autoonly"]
[2023-05-12 11:26:12.794100842] (Utility.Process) process [43726] done ExitSuccess
[2023-05-12 11:26:12.79481645] (Utility.Process) process [43733] read: git ["config","--null","--list"]
[2023-05-12 11:26:12.802972197] (Utility.Process) process [43733] done ExitSuccess
[2023-05-12 11:26:12.803473974] (Annex.Branch) read trust.log
ok
```
from [this comment](https://github.com/datalad/datalad/issues/7371#issuecomment-1545929998).


So what we really need is some debug logging to tell us more.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

we failed to create  a reproducer. So it is something about that user + original location.

`git annex upgrade` from v9 to v10 somehow resolved it in one sample case. We have more cases like that we are not upgrading yet to reproduce again.


### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

originally in some older 8.2022  but now in 10.20230407

[[!meta author=yoh]]
[[!tag projects/datalad]]

> Hard to know when there is *enough* debugging, but with what I've added,
> I can't think of any more I could add that would help with a problem of
> this kind. Unless of course git-annex has a deep dark bug where it reads
> an annex.uuid from git config, but then somehow misplaces it. But I can't
> imagine such a bug so it's hard to add debugging for it. So, I suppose
> this is [[done]] --[[Joey]]
