### Please describe the problem.

When git annex is used on a encfs mount, ``.fuse_hiddenXXXX`` files are left behind in ``.git/annex/objects/*/*/`` when I ``git annex move`` files off the encfs

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

    mkdir normal plain enc
    encfs -o kernel_cache "$(realpath enc)" "$(realpath plain)"

    cd normal
    git init
    git annex init normal

    cd ../plain
    git init
    git annex init enc
    dd if=/dev/urandom bs=1M count=11 of=11m
    git annex add 11m
    git remote add normal "$(realpath ../normal)"
    du -hscL *
        << 11MB-ish >>
    du -hsc .git/annex/objects
        << 11MB-ish >>
    git annex move --to=normal 11m
    du -hscL *
        << 0 >>
    du -hsc .git/annex/objects
        << 11MB-ish but should be 0-ish >>
    tree -a .git/annex/objects
        << ??/??/SHA1-*/.fuse_hidden??????? >>
    lsof .git/annex/objects/??/??/SHA*/.fuse_hidden*
        << shows no programs have this file open >>


### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

5.20131221 on debian unstable (installed by aptitude from debian/main)

### Please provide any additional information below.

I did a couple quick internet searches on these .fuse_hidden files, and (if a random person on the internet is correct) they are created by enfs (or maybe fuse itself) when a file is unlinked while open. It is supposed to be deleted when the file is closed.

Possibilities come to mind:

*    There's a bug in encfs/fuse
*    git annex fails to close the file, and whatever cleanup happens when the linux kernel closes git annex fails to trigger encfs/fuse's real unlinking/cleanup thing



I'm happy to help with further testing, experimenting, etc. I'm good at git, the commandline, programming, etc but I don't know Haskell.

- Jason <jason@jasonwoof.com>
