### Please describe the problem.

Following steps from http://git-annex.branchable.com/assistant/quickstart/ does not get past the first screen.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

* On a nearly fresh Lubuntu system, nearly fresh account, Lubuntu session, run `git-annex` from the start menu.
* Opens firefox, in `Create a git-annex repository` select my `~/Documents` folder, press `Make Repository`.

* Expected: a new, different page opens.
* Observed: the same page opens, only difference the path displayed is `/home/mylogin/Documents`. Pressing `Make Repository` again shows the same page again.

I couldn't find any logs at the time. Now I see that they are in .git/annex/daemon.log but content from that time is already gone.

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

A fresh Ubuntu 14.04 (actually Lubuntu but this shouldn't change anything, right ?), create a user, login.


    LC_ALL=C apt-cache policy git-annex
    git-annex:
      Installed: 5.20140412ubuntu1
      Candidate: 5.20140412ubuntu1
      Version table:
     *** 5.20140412ubuntu1 0
            500 http://fr.archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/ trusty/universe i386 Packages
            100 /var/lib/dpkg/status


### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# No command line in bug occurrence.  This is the transcript of the workaround I found.
# Actually, the PC was rebooted then I went command line.
cd ~/Documents
git status
fatal: This operation must be run in a work tree
# oh I see it's a bare repo
git annex add .
add (my file names... one line for each) ok
(Recording state in git...)

Now the webapp seems to run okay, I can see many pages, schedule checks, etc.

# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log
-> Ok but log shows only events after I manually dit git annex add.

[2014-06-08 14:28:46 CEST] main: starting assistant version 5.20140412ubuntu1
[2014-06-08 14:28:46 CEST] Cronner: You should enable consistency checking to protect your data.

  dbus failed; falling back to mtab polling (ClientError {clientErrorMessage = "runClient: unable to determine DBUS address", clientErrorFatal = True})
(scanning...) [2014-06-08 14:28:46 CEST] Watcher: Performing startup scan
(started...) [2014-06-08 14:28:47 CEST] Committer: Adding (myfiles)

add (my files...) ok
[2014-06-08 14:32:51 CEST] Committer: Committing changes to git
[2014-06-08 14:34:12 CEST] Committer: Committing changes to git
[2014-06-08 14:34:13 CEST] Committer: Adding (myfiles)
ok
(Recording state in git...)
(Recording state in git...)
(Recording state in git...)
(Recording state in git...)
(Recording state in git...)
add (myfile) ok
add (myfile) [2014-06-08 14:34:13 CEST] Committer: Committing changes to git
[2014-06-08 14:42:48 CEST] Cronner: Consistency check in progress
fsck (myfile) (checksum...)
ok

# End of transcript or log.
"""]]



# Question:

    cat /etc/xdg/autostart/git-annex.desktop
    [Desktop Entry]
    Type=Application
    Version=1.0
    Name=Git Annex Assistant
    Comment=Autostart
    Terminal=false
    Exec=/usr/bin/git-annex assistant --autostart
    Categories=

Should there be a git-annex process whenever I log in even if I don't launch the webapp ?
I can check that on next login.

At the moment there is "git-annex webapp" and several child processes.
