### Please describe the problem.

I copied one entire folder from my OSX local machine to a linux server.
That folder was version controlled by git with git annex big files.
On the linux machine the symlinks were broken.

In particular, on my local machine, a file like:
```
file.vcf.gz.tbi -> ../../.git/annex/objects/J4/Pg/SHA256E-s572463--85b357849ddad75fc1138b27d6af62cf410876e329ff035f21a631bd53146224.gz.tbi/SHA256E-s572463--85b357849ddad75fc1138b27d6af62cf410876e329ff035f21a631bd53146224.gz.tbi
```

but the file resides in:

```
../../.git/annex/objects/j4/Pg/SHA256E-s572463--85b357849ddad75fc1138b27d6af62cf410876e329ff035f21a631bd53146224.gz.tbi/SHA256E-s572463--85b357849ddad75fc1138b27d6af62cf410876e329ff035f21a631bd53146224.gz.tbi
```

Notice the difference between `J4` and `j4`. This is not a problem on my OSX but becomes one on a linux machine.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

on local machine:
```rsync -aztv folder/ remote-machine:folder/```

on server:
```find . -type l -exec sh -c "file -b {} | grep -q ^broken" \; -print```
listed every symlink as broken.

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

git annex version 6.20160318

my special remote is rsync.net

OSX 10.11.4

Not sure of which option were used when creating ther file system, but I suspect a HFS+ case insensitive.

### Please provide any additional information below.

I wanted to do this full copy because the transfer speed from the special remote was too slow.
Since then I got decent speeds, and if I do `git annex get .` on the server, all is fine.
So, my "problem" is solved but I'm still wondering why the discrepant folder capitalization.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log


# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)

Sure, it works marvels :-) Also what I was trying to do is perhaps not by the book...

