### Please describe the problem.
When my android phone tries to decode files downloaded from a ssh remote using shared encryption, gpg errors occur.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?
Setup is very similar to my other bug report in <https://git-annex.branchable.com/bugs/problems_with_android_and_xmpp/>.
Only difference is the location of the annex on the android side.
I have put it on the /data mount which uses ext4 to avoid the /sdcard fuse mount, which does not handle symlinks.

1) setup git annex via webapp on laptop:

* local annex

* remote annex via ssh with shared encryption (tried two different servers, one with and one without git-annex installed)

* share with my devices using jabber.me account

2) setup git annex via webapp on android:

* local annex in /data/data/ga.androidterm/annex (ext filesystem)

* share with my devices using jabber.me account

* ssh remote is automatically added via XMPP

3) add file to annex on linux, which gets uploaded to the ssh remote

4) symlink for file is created on phone and data downloaded, but never decrypted (see logs below)

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?
Ubunut Linux 12.04 with git-annex version:

* 5.20140127.1 (from PPA)

Android 4.2 (rooted) with git-annex version:

* 5.20140211-g556cfeb (from autobuilds)

### Please provide any additional information below.
full logs:

* linux: <http://pastebin.ca/2639929>

* android: <http://pastebin.ca/2639945>

most interesting parts:
[[!format sh """
#
# android:
#
gpg: can't open `/usr/local/share/gnupg/options.skel': No such file or directory
gpg: DBG: locking for `/sdcard/git-annex.home/.gnupg/secring.gpg.lock' done via O_EXCL
gpg: DBG: locking for `/sdcard/git-annex.home/.gnupg/pubring.gpg.lock' done via O_EXCL
gpg: decryption failed: bad key

# followed by just the last line for all further attemps
gpg: decryption failed: bad key

# gpg it self seems to be fine
root@android:/data/data/ga.androidterm # ./bin/gpg --version -v                
gpg (GnuPG) 1.4.15
Copyright (C) 2013 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.

Home: ~/.gnupg
Supported algorithms:
Pubkey: RSA, RSA-E, RSA-S, ELG-E, DSA
Cipher: IDEA, 3DES, CAST5, BLOWFISH, AES, AES192, AES256, TWOFISH,
        CAMELLIA128, CAMELLIA192, CAMELLIA256
Hash: MD5, SHA1, RIPEMD160, SHA256, SHA384, SHA512, SHA224
Compression: Uncompressed, ZIP, ZLIB
"""]]
