### Please describe the problem.
Annex errors when copying to glacier.

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

OS X 10.9.2 Build 13C64

    git-annex version: 5.20140318-gdcf93d0
    build flags: Assistant Webapp Webapp-secure Pairing Testsuite S3 WebDAV FsEvents XMPP DNS Feeds Quvi TDFA CryptoHash
    key/value backends: SHA256E SHA1E SHA512E SHA224E SHA384E SKEIN256E SKEIN512E SHA256 SHA1 SHA512 SHA224 SHA384 SKEIN256 SKEIN512 WORM URL
    remote types: git gcrypt S3 bup directory rsync web webdav tahoe glacier hook external
    local repository version: 5
    supported repository version: 5
    upgrade supported from repository versions: 0 1 2 4

### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log

> git annex initremote glacier type=glacier encryption=hybrid keyid=E9053BDA datacenter=us-west-1                           ║██████████╠ ∞ ∞
initremote glacier (encryption setup) (hybrid cipher with gpg key B608B8F6E9053BDA) ok
(Recording state in git...)
> git annex copy Cobalt\ Strike\ Tradecraft --to=glacier --debug
[2014-03-27 07:27:39 PDT] read: git ["--git-dir=/Users/akraut/Desktop/annexes/media/.git","--work-tree=/Users/akraut/Desktop/annexes/media","show-ref","git-annex"]
[2014-03-27 07:27:39 PDT] read: git ["--git-dir=/Users/akraut/Desktop/annexes/media/.git","--work-tree=/Users/akraut/Desktop/annexes/media","show-ref","--hash","refs/heads/git-annex"]
[2014-03-27 07:27:39 PDT] read: git ["--git-dir=/Users/akraut/Desktop/annexes/media/.git","--work-tree=/Users/akraut/Desktop/annexes/media","log","refs/heads/git-annex..9f59057d857784e6ae6b3dcd6793092264375913","--oneline","-n1"]
[2014-03-27 07:27:39 PDT] chat: git ["--git-dir=/Users/akraut/Desktop/annexes/media/.git","--work-tree=/Users/akraut/Desktop/annexes/media","cat-file","--batch"]
[2014-03-27 07:27:39 PDT] read: git ["config","--null","--list"]
[2014-03-27 07:27:39 PDT] read: git ["--git-dir=/Users/akraut/Desktop/annexes/media/.git","--work-tree=/Users/akraut/Desktop/annexes/media","ls-files","--cached","-z","--","Cobalt Strike Tradecraft"]
copy Cobalt Strike Tradecraft/Tradecraft__1_of_9____Introduction.mp4 (gpg) [2014-03-27 07:27:39 PDT] chat: gpg ["--quiet","--trust-model","always","--decrypt"]

You need a passphrase to unlock the secret key for
user: "Andrew Mark Kraut <akraut@gmail.com>"
4096-bit ELG-E key, ID 353E49B9, created 2008-11-11 (main key ID E9053BDA)

(checking glacier...) [2014-03-27 07:27:46 PDT] read: glacier ["--region=us-west-1","archive","checkpresent","git-annex: Maybe.fromJust: Nothing

# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

> This was a bug introduced last month, it forgot to receord the
> datacenter and vault used when initializing the glacier repository.
> 
> I've fixed the bug, but this does not fix repositories created with
> the broken version. I considered just making it use the default
> datacenter and vault for such a repository, but 
> a) those may change in the future
> and I don't want to have to worry about breaking such a repository
> going forward and b) someone may have overridden it to use another
> datacenter or vault name and so it shouldn't blindly assume the defaults.
> 
> Instead, there's a manual fix up step you need to do. Luckily quite easy.
> For example: 
> 
>	git annex enableremote myglacier datacenter=us-east-1 vault=myglacier-fae9be57-8eb4-47af-932f-136b9b40e669
> 
> The default datacenter is us-east-1, and the default vault name is
> "$remotename-$uuid". So you just have to tell it these values
> once with an enableremote command, and it will then work. 

> You don't even need to get the fixed version of git-annex to work
> around the bug this way.. Although it does have better error messages
> too. [[fixed|done]] --[[Joey]] 
