What steps will reproduce the problem?

Adding a e.g box.com repository from behind a http proxy via webapp.

What is the expected output? What do you see instead?

Connection should be made. But there is an error message:

"Internal Server Error
connect: does not exist (Connection refused): user error"

What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

3.20121127 on Archlinux

Please provide any additional information below.

I don't use networkmanager if proxy information is obtained from it. There should be a fallback to environment variables.
[[!tag confirmed]]

> Here's a patch that shows how to enable proxy support for the
> parts of git-annex that use http-client and http-conduit:
> <https://github.com/kiwiroy/git-annex/commit/18a3ceda1beb7c356541270f37ae4c0d56ada726>
> 
> Other parts of git-annex use wget/curl and should already support
> the environment variables.

>> I had a closer look at this, and it turns out that http-client 
>> now enables http proxy support by default, when the environment variable
>> is set. Since version 0.4.7. See `defaultProxy`.
>> 
>> git-annex uses http-client for all its http access (either directly
>> or through layers like http-conduit and DAV).
>> 
>> So I don't need to change
>> git-annex at all; it just needs to be built with a new enough version
>> of http-client. This will happen for the linux autobuilders once the new
>> version reaches Debian. I've updated the OSX autobuilder's http-client
>> so it will already support proxying and anyone can built git-annex
>> using the new http-client and get proxy support.
>>
>> Calling this [[done]] as nothing remains to do in git-annex. --[[Joey]]
