### Please describe the problem.

I've setup two (actually more) direct mode repositories pointing at each other with ssh keys allowing them to talk to each other. I run the assistant in both repositories. Once I add a file to one repository I can see in the assistant log that it's been sent to the other side but it doesn't show up. Once I add a file to the other repository both repositories get both files.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

In the first host:
[[!format sh """
$ ls -l
total 0
$ date | tee fromhostA
Fri May 31 19:25:12 WEST 2013
"""]]

And then in the second host

[[!format sh """
$ ls
$ date | tee fromhostB
Fri May 31 19:25:27 WEST 2013
$ ls
fromhostB
$ ls # After a little while
fromhostA  fromhostB
"""]]

Back at hostA

[[!format sh """
$ ls -l
total 8
-rw-r--r-- 1 pedrocr pedrocr 30 May 31 19:25 fromhostA
-rw-r--r-- 1 pedrocr pedrocr 30 May 31 19:25 fromhostB
"""]]

I looked at the logs for hostA and it seemed like it was pushing the changes right away. In hostB this is the moment where fromhostB gets added:

[[!format sh """
[2013-05-31 19:22:04 WEST] Pusher: Syncing with zeus, wintermute, ulisses 
[2013-05-31 19:25:27 WEST] Committer: Adding fromhostB

(merging zeus/git-annex into git-annex...)
(Recording state in git...)
(merging wintermute/git-annex into git-annex...)
(Recording state in git...)
(merging ulisses/git-annex into git-annex...)
(Recording state in git...)
"""]]

It seems to be that merging in the remotes only gets done when there's an added file and that's why fromhostA didn't show up until fromhostB was there. I don't think this is the correct behavior. I want to be able to setup a new repository with other repositories as remotes and have it automatically pull in all the contents without having to create content itself.

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

[[!format sh """
$ git annex version
git-annex version: 4.20130516.1
build flags: Assistant Webapp Pairing Testsuite S3 WebDAV Inotify DBus XMPP
local repository version: 4
default repository version: 3
supported repository versions: 3 4
upgrade supported from repository versions: 0 1 2
$ lsb_release -a
No LSB modules are available.
Distributor ID:	Ubuntu
Description:	Ubuntu 12.04.2 LTS
Release:	12.04
Codename:	precise
"""]]

> [[done]]; see comment --[[Joey]] 
