**What steps will reproduce the problem?**

On the dashboard, click settings > Delete on the repo you want to remove.
Wait for the dropping to finish.
Start final deletion when the message "The repository "repo" has been emptied, and can now be removed." pops up.

**What is the expected output? What do you see instead?**

The repository should be deleted, but I only see "Internal Server Error: git [Param "remote",Param "remove",Param "repo"] failed".

**What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?**

Standalone build, git-annex version 4.20130417-g4bb97d5

**Please provide any additional information below.**

The log shows:

     [2013-04-22 22:17:22 CEST] TransferScanner: The repository "repo" has been emptied, and can now be removed. 
     error: Unknown subcommand: remove
     usage: git remote [-v | --verbose]
       or: git remote add [-t <branch>] [-m <master>] [-f] [--mirror=<fetch|push>] <name> <url>
       or: git remote rename <old> <new>
       or: git remote rm <name>
       or: git remote set-head <name> (-a | -d | <branch>)
       or: git remote [-v | --verbose] show [-n] <name>
       or: git remote prune [-n | --dry-run] <name>
       or: git remote [-v | --verbose] update [-p | --prune] [(<group> | <remote>)...]
       or: git remote set-branches [--add] <name> <branch>...
       or: git remote set-url <name> <newurl> [<oldurl>]
       or: git remote set-url --add <name> <newurl>
       or: git remote set-url --delete <name> <url>

        -v, --verbose         be verbose; must be placed before a subcommand



> Seems that `git remote remove` is new as of git 1.8.0 or so.
> Older gits only support `git remote rm`. Which newer gits
> support as well. but it seems to be in the process
> of being deprecated so I'd rather not use it.
> 
> So, I've made the version of git it's
> built for determine which subcommand it uses. [[done]] --[[Joey]]
> 
> (You can run `git remote rm repo` by hand to clean up from this BTW.)
