### Please describe the problem.

As described in [[tips/Internet_Archive_via_S3]], there is a problem using S3 with buckets that have capital letters. The bug lies either in the hS3 library or in archive.org itself.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

Try to add an [[special_remotes/S3]] remote with capital letters in the bucket name.

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

[[!format txt """
git-annex version: 4.20130921-g434dc22
build flags: Assistant Webapp Pairing Testsuite S3 WebDAV Inotify DBus XMPP DNS Feeds Quvi
local repository version: 3
default repository version: 3
supported repository versions: 3 4
upgrade supported from repository versions: 0 1 2
"""]]

### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log
anarcat@angela:video$ git annex initremote archive-moglenrepublica type=S3 host=s3.us.archive.org bucket=Republica2012-EbenMoglen-FreedomOfThoughtRequiresFreeMedia
initremote archive-moglenrepublica (Internet Archive mode) git-annex: The request signature we calculated does not match the signature you provided. Check your AWS Secret Access Key and signing method. For more information, see REST Authentication and SOAP Authentication for details.
# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

Just thought it would be better to have a separate thread for this bug. :)

> [[fixed|done]] --[[Joey]]
