### Please describe the problem.

When following the instructions in [[tips/unlocked files]] on Mac, I am seeing an error message when smudge is run.

This causes the file to end up in git's object database (`.git/objects`) instead of git annex's (`.git/annex/objects`).

I tried the same steps on linux with the autobuilder version (7.20190508) and got no error and the data ended up in git annex correctly.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log

$ mkdir test-7-annex
$ cd test-7-annex
$ git init
Initialized empty Git repository in /Users/jones/test-7-annex/.git/
$ git ci -m 'init' --allow-empty                                                                                                                              
[master (root-commit) 006a611] init
$ git annex init mini --version=7                                                                                                                             
init mini (scanning for unlocked files...)
ok
(recording state in git...)
$ cp ../file.mp3 .
$ git add file.mp3
error: cannot feed the input to external filter git-annex smudge --clean -- %f
error: external filter git-annex smudge --clean -- %f failed
$ git annex sync
commit (recording state in git...)

[master 48b44eb] git-annex in mini
 1 file changed, 0 insertions(+), 0 deletions(-)
 create mode 100755 file.mp3
ok
$ du -sh .git/objects/
3.9M    .git/objects/
$ du -sh .git/annex/objects
du: .git/annex/objects: No such file or directory

# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

On Mac, versions 7.20190220 (latest download) or 7.20190508 (latest autobuild)

### Please provide any additional information below.



### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)

YES! Git annex is an amazing tool and it's the backbone of my long term archiving workflow. I also use it for archive management at work and it's proven to be incredibly useful. Thank you for continuing to maintain and innovate with git annex!

[[done]]
