### Please describe the problem.
The docs say I can set ssh options via `annex.ssh-options` or `remote.NAME.annex-ssh-options`. I tried, and the setting appears to be completely ignored.

Apologies in advance if I've made a stupid typo.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

I tried all of these:

    git config --local --replace-all annex.ssh-options "-i ~/.ssh/id_git_rsa"
    git config --local --replace-all remote.Watt.annex-ssh-options "-i ~/.ssh/id_git_rsa"

`git config -l | grep Watt` confirms it took:

    remote.Watt.url=ssh://watt.home/home/anthony/Music/
    remote.Watt.fetch=+refs/heads/*:refs/remotes/Watt/*
    remote.Watt.annex-uuid=e74b57e5-e78c-4f3d-bde6-4803a0c33837
    remote.Watt.annex-ssh-options=-i ~/.ssh/id_git_rsa

Then I ran `git annex sync Watt`, and was prompted for a password:

    anthony@Forest:~/Music$ git annex sync Watt
    commit  ok
    pull Watt 
    Password: 

Running `ps ww $(pidof ssh)` shows that the `-i` option is missing:

      PID TTY      STAT   TIME COMMAND
    22188 pts/4    S+     0:00 ssh -S .git/annex/ssh/watt.home -o ControlMaster=auto -o ControlPersist=yes watt.home git-upload-pack '/home/anthony/Music/'


### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

Debian testing 5.20141125

### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log


# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

> [[fixed|done]], ssh-options is now propigated everywhere that ssh
> connection caching goes --[[Joey]]
