### Please describe the problem.

- Add remote ssh repository (from add more repositories menu)
- Repos sync even files, but remote repo is marked (metadata only) - there is Fail on sync with this repository.

The actual issue is that UUID was not found. I checked the logs and it's obvious that git-annex-shell was not found on the remote.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

I have
Linux box with (ZSH as a primary shell) where ~/.zshrc contains "export PATH=/path/to/annex:$PATH)
MacOSX box with (ZSH as a primary shell) where ~/.zshrc and ~/.bash contains  "export PATH=/path/to/annex:$PATH)

The issue appears both directions.
When I use ssh to connect remote host git-annex-shell is on PATH and works.

I guess you don't have full shell context of the user.
Worth to mention, that add remote repo (using a discovery - local computer) works well in the same repo.

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

git-annex version 5.20140420-ga25b8bb

### Please provide any additional information below.


Can't find the original original log, but once repo created it contains "zsh:1: git-annex-shell not found" so it later switch repository to (metadata only) mode.

This frequently repeat in the log:


[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log


Please make sure you have the correct access rights
and the repository exists.
Permission denied, please try again.
Permission denied, please try again.
Permission denied (publickey,password).
fatal: Could not read from remote repository.

# End of transcript or log.
"""]]
