### Please describe the problem.

In a client, backup, smallarchive setup, new non-archive files will be copied to backup, copied to smallarchive, then dropped from smallarchive.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

Create three repos, assign them groups client, backup, smallarchive.

Add files to the client, not in the archive folder.

Run sync --content

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

git-annex version: 5.20150710

### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
copy SOMEFILE copy SOMEFILE (checking BACKUP...) (to BACKUP...)
SHA256E-s309049--00bb4f52d3d9af507eaf8c837ce29ad133cf1964c0f8fbf586906b1e5676f0af.pdf
        309,049 100%   87.83MB/s    0:00:00 (xfr#1, to-chk=0/1)
ok
copy SOMEFILE copy SOMEFILE (checking SMALLARCHIVE...) (to SMALLARCHIVE...)
ok
drop SMALLARCHIVE SOMEFILE (checking BACKUP...) ok
""" ]]

> Indeed, but this was fixed in version 5.20150727.
> From the changelog:
>>
>>   * sync --content: Fix bug that caused files to be uploaded to eg,
>>    more archive remotes than wanted copies, only to later be dropped
>>    to satisfy the preferred content settings.
> 
> [[done]] --[[Joey]]

Note: it's extremely and unnecessarily hard to report a bug. There are no
links leading to instructions or anything on the home page. The "bugs" link
leads to a list of pages with no instructions. Please at least add
explanation to the bugs page. I had to edit an existing bug and change the
edit URL.

> Eh? The first thing on the bugs page is a form to add a new post to the
> list of bugs. --[[Joey]]
