**What steps will reproduce the problem?**

On my work computer I created a new repository and then added a directory on my home server to backup some of my files. The assistant created a new key pair which then made password login quite hard.
On the commandline I could still login via ssh -o PreferredAuthentications=keyboard-interactive ... but all gui tools (e.g. gigolo) stop after connecting to the restricted shell.
I don't want to allow full passwordless access to my server from this computer.

**What is the expected output? What do you see instead?**

It should be possible to use this private key with git-annex exclusively. Maybe a line like this in the [remote] block in .git/config would solve the problem:

    IdentityFile = /home/user/.ssh/annex/id_rsa_annex

I think it should be the default behaviour that git-annex uses its own key pair with restricted access. For portability the keys could be stored somewhere in the repository itself.

**What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?**

git-annex version: 4.20130324, Ubuntu 11.04

**Please provide any additional information below.**

> [[done]]. Although I have not 100% reproduced this, I have seen 
> enough of the source code to gnome-keyring to be pretty sure it's at
> fault, and that my fix works.
> 
> If this is happening to you, you can fix it by making a `~/.ssh/annex/`
> directory and moving `~/.ssh/key.annex*` to it. Then you'll need to edit
> `~/.ssh/config` to use the new path to the key. And you'll need to run
> `ssh-add -D` to clear out the bogus keys from the ssh agent (or log out
> and back in). --[[Joey]]
