What steps will reproduce the problem?

1. Open the assistant with git-annex webapp
2. Click add another repository
3. Choose "add another repository"
4. Use "/home/pierre/testme" (try and get the problem with a new directory or an existing directory)
5. Press "Make Repository"
5. Choose "Keep the repository separate" 

What is the expected output? What do you see instead?

Go to the created repository but the interface hangs forever
I have 4 git-annex processes that use no CPUs.
I can still use the UI by clicking around with success or even shutdown the daemon.
If I shutdown the daemon, all git-annex process gets killed.

What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

It is said to be git-annex version: 4.20130324 but it is actually 4.20130405 (known bug)

Please provide any additional information below.


OS: Arch linux, bin package (not installed from source)
All tests are OK
Nothing happens on the log pages

This is so weird that I would like to see the log file but I cannot find it. I have looked at /var/log without success.
I have tried other available version on Arch linux (AUR git-annex-bin, AUR git-annex-standalone, haskell-web git-annex) and they all exhibit the same problem.
At that stage, what I would like to be able is to try to figure out what is going on using the log file.
Thanks

> This could happen when using the amd64 standalone build, because I 
> forgot to install curl into its chroot, so it was not included in the
> bundle. If the host system also lacked curl, or something prevented
> curl from working, it would fail like this.
> 
> I've included curl into the amd64 standalone build. I've also made the
> assistant fall back to using a built-in http client if it is built
> without curl.
> 
> None of which helps at all with the Arch git-annex-bin hack, since
> that binary will be built with a working curl (when my amd64 standalone
> builder builds it), and then installed onto a system, that,
> apparently, has a broken curl. Which is one of many reasons I cannot
> support that hack. [[done]] --[[Joey]]
