### Please describe the problem.

I found the discussion in [directory](/special_remotes/directory) quite confusing until I looked at it the right way. Some tweaking of the documentation might help.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

Possible method - get a newbie to read the page.

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

n/a

### Please provide any additional information below.

Below is an untested patch that I think would make the documentation more helpful to me on a first reading.

      Tweaks to doc/special_remotes/directory.mdwn
      
        * document the 'directory' option (!)
        * try to make it clearer what is different about this remote,
          including giving an example of how the directory structure looks.
        * grammar fix in opening paragraph
      
      ---
       doc/special_remotes/directory.mdwn | 16 +++++++++++++++-
       1 file changed, 15 insertions(+), 1 deletion(-)
      
      diff --git a/doc/special_remotes/directory.mdwn b/doc/special_remotes/directory.mdwn
      index 4d72e8b..7f076b3 100644
      --- a/doc/special_remotes/directory.mdwn
      +++ b/doc/special_remotes/directory.mdwn
      @@ -1,10 +1,12 @@
       This special remote type stores file contents in directory.
       
       One use case for this would be if you have a removable drive that
      -you want to use it to sneakernet files between systems (possibly with
      +you want to use to sneakernet files between systems (possibly with
       \[[encrypted|encryption]] contents). Just set up both systems to use
       the drive's mountpoint as a directory remote.
       
      +Note that directory remotes have a special directory structure
      +(by design, the same as the \[[rsync|rsync]] remote).
       If you just want two copies of your repository with the files "visible"
       in the tree in both, the directory special remote is not what you want.
       Instead, you should use a regular `git clone` of your git-annex repository.
      @@ -14,6 +16,8 @@ Instead, you should use a regular `git clone` of your git-annex repository.
       These parameters can be passed to `git annex initremote` to configure the
       remote:
       
      +* `directory` - The path to directory in which the remote resides
      +
       * `encryption` - One of "none", "hybrid", "shared", or "pubkey".
         See \[[encryption]].
       
      @@ -31,3 +35,13 @@ Setup example:
       
        # git annex initremote usbdrive type=directory directory=/media/usbdrive/ encryption=none
        # git annex describe usbdrive "usb drive on /media/usbdrive/"
      +
      +Usage example:
      + # git annex copy mycoolfile.mp4 --to usbdrive
      + # ls -aF /media/usbdrive
      +        ./  ../  42b/  .git/  tmp/
      + # git annex whereis mycoolfile.mp4
      + whereis mycoolfile.mp4 (2 copies)
      +         320053d5-892f-46d2-89f0-d6e9d09e6398 -- here
      +         6747a48b-fad2-41a7-9033-8d8daa35c5f8 -- usbdrive
      + ok
      -- 
      1.8.5.2



# End of transcript or log.

> Largely applied (except example at the end). I agree these
> changes make it much clearer, especially adding the missing documentation
> of the directory parameter. So, [[done]]. Note that this website is a
> wiki and users like you are welcome to edit pages directly to improve the
> documentation. --[[Joey]]
