What steps will reproduce the problem?

Install 4.20130417 as packaged in Debian unstable.
Using "git annex webapp", setup on first machine adding repository ~/annex.  Add a Box.com repository in directory "annex", encrypted.  Add a jabber account (apparently successful).
Add test file to ~/annex.  Login via website to box.com, notice that the "annex" directory is created and contains encrypted file.
On second (remote machine), follow the same steps (add repository in ~/annex, Add a Box.com repository in directory "annex", encrypted, Add same jabber account).

What is the expected output? What do you see instead?

Expected the file to appear in the second machine's ~/annex.  The webapp indicates: Synced with box.com
Log file says:

[2013-04-23 06:50:16 EDT] main: starting assistant version 4.20130417
(scanning...) [2013-04-23 06:50:16 EDT] Watcher: Performing startup scan
(started...) 
(encryption setup shared cipher) (testing WebDAV server...)
(gpg) [2013-04-23 06:50:50 EDT] main: Syncing with box.com 
[2013-04-23 06:50:50 EDT] main: Share with friends, and keep your devices in sync across the cloud. 
[2013-04-23 06:51:03 EDT] main: Share with friends, and keep your devices in sync across the cloud. 
warning: Not updating non-default fetch respec
	
	Please update the configuration manually if necessary.
Initializing nautilus-gdu extension
Shutting down nautilus-gdu extension
git-annex: Daemon is already running.

What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

4.20130417, debian testing with apt-pinning to unstable on both systems.

Please provide any additional information below.

When editing the Box.com repository, the option to select a directory no longer appears (and the configuration doesn't show the one selected at creation).
There's no indication if the jabber communication is working successfully.  It could be that signalling isn't working for some reason, but the user has no information to determine that.
It would be helpful if there were some indication in the Dashboard as to the number of files/directories/objects that git annex believes exists in each location.  It could be that it's not accessing the Box.com server successfully, but again, this is difficult to determine.

It's great to see that git annex might make a box.com account useful for automatic upload and sync... looking forward to getting it to work on both sides! Thanks for making this!

[[!tag /design/assistant moreinfo]]

> The robustness of the XMPP support has massively improved since this bug
> report was filed. Since no more information is forthcoming, I consider
> this bug [[done]].
>
> (Incidentially, this bug got me to santize all information logged about
> XMPP protocol, including the names/emails of buddies..) --[[Joey]]
