### Please describe the problem.
This is related to [[http://git-annex.branchable.com/bugs/assistant_does_not_always_use_repo_cost_info_when_queueing_downloads/]]

### What steps will reproduce the problem?
1.  Make a client repo on two machines on the local network.
2.  Pair them.
3.  Make a remote transfer repo.
4.  Set up Jabber on both local machines.
5.  Put a large file into the annex on one of the local machines.
6.  Watch as the source client repo copies the file directly to the local paired machine, but also copies it to the remote transfer repo.
7.  Wait for the local paired transfer to finish.
8.  Manually disable syncing to the remote transfer repo.
9.  Manually reenable it.
10.  Watch as the remote transfer is not resumed.

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?
Using the 1 Nov Linux tarball, Ubuntu Raring.

### Please provide any additional information below.
This is a problem because unless I manually disable the remote repo, it will continue uploading the large file until it finishes, which uses the limited upstream bandwidth on my Internet connection--and this could take hours depending on the size of the file.

The remote transfer wasn't even necessary to begin with, because it already had a direct connection to the local paired repo.  But even so, it should at least abort the remote transfer when the local transfer finishes.

Thanks for your work on git-annex assistant.

> From a re-read of the comments, this was resolved satisfactorily,
> and I don't need to make any changes. [[done]] --[[Joey]]
