### Please describe the problem.

Running `git annex init` on an [unRAID server](https://lime-technology.com/what-is-unraid/) results in an annex created with `crippledfilesystem = true` and `direct = true`. I understand from reading [this](https://git-annex.branchable.com/design/assistant/blog/day_188__crippled_filesystem_support/) that it occurs when `git annex init` performs a probe to determine if all of the following are supported:

1. symlinks
2. hard links
3. unix permissions

Although unRAID disks are formatted with xfs, and therefore support all three of the above, I'm assuming that unRAID's method of combining multiple disks into one "share" is the cause of the problem (hardlinks still work on a single disk, but not on shares that span multiple disks). Symlinks and unix permissions work normally in the unRAID-created shares.

Is there any way to allow the use of 'indirect' mode with multi-disk shares? As I mentioned, symlinks and unix permissions work normally--it's only the hardlinks that won't work across the multi-disk shares.

I can create a 'normal' annex as long as I `cd` to a single disk drive first--what would happen if the annex was later moved onto a multi-disk share? Would it still work? Would it fail gracefully? Would it cause data loss?

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

    cd /mnt/user/NameOfShare
    git init
    git annex init

The following will result in the creation of a 'normal' indirect share:

    cd /mnt/disk1
    git init
    git annex init

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

    git-annex version: 6.20161211-gc3ab3c668
    build flags: Assistant Webapp Pairing Testsuite S3(multipartupload)(storageclasses) WebDAV Inotify DBus DesktopNotify XMPP ConcurrentOutput TorrentParser MagicMime Feeds Quvi
    key/value backends: SHA256E SHA256 SHA512E SHA512 SHA224E SHA224 SHA384E SHA384 SHA3_256E SHA3_256 SHA3_512E SHA3_512 SHA3_224E SHA3_224 SHA3_384E SHA3_384 SKEIN256E SKEIN256 SKEIN512E SKEIN512 SHA1E SHA1 MD5E MD5 WORM URL
    remote types: git gcrypt p2p S3 bup directory rsync web bittorrent webdav tahoe glacier ddar hook external

### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log


# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)

Has been working great, so far, except for the above.
