### Please describe the problem.

First of all, I don't really believe the following is a good bug report, from my own career in SW development. I know what to do. However, this is a start to test the waters; I received no response in the general forum (not a complaint), but I am not sure if this is simply one of those issues for which the solution is so simple, that no one can bring themselves to reply.

I can provide further detail, like console copies, but I figured that providing the config output to be a good first step. Apologies for the format of the config file: it was copied fine, but pasted on one line.


It seems thinning is not doing what I expected:

Which is: unlocking a file creates a hard link in the working directory, linked to the annex file, with the resulting dir size being the size of the one big file.

Are my expectations correct?

Is there something I am missing?



### What steps will reproduce the problem?

copied a big file to the working directory

git add; git commit

Locking the big file creates the symlink, with the file in the annex.

Unlocking the big file creates a real file in the working dir, and the annex file stays there.

The total dir is therefore twice the size of the big file.

ls -li shows a unique inode for each file. Therefore it appears to not be a hard link.


### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

git-annex version: 6.20160524+gitg2b7b2c4-1~ndall+1

Debian 8.5


### Please provide any additional information below.

repo config file:

[core] 
repositoryformatversion = 0 
filemode = true 
bare = false 
logallrefupdates = true 

[annex] 
uuid = c5c203ec-9353-4213-8af5-6fcb8de36ca2 
version = 6 
thin = true 

[filter "annex"] 
smudge = git-annex smudge %f 
clean = git-annex smudge --clean %f




[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log


# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)

You bet. It is simply great. I am in the process of migrating all my big data. I have roughly 6TB, and it is taking me many weeks.

I am creating a typical duplicate topology. 2 remotes, 2 backup nodes. Multiple clients, each connected to the 2 remotes. Each client will only clone the repos or parts thereof that are relevant to that client.

I have multiple clients on multiple VMs. I generally separate functions to VMs. I.e. postgresql to a pair of VMs; etc. Poorly behaving apps like iTunes to its very own penalty box win VM. HA to its own VM. etc.


