### Please describe the problem.

I cannot figure out how to fetch file from a new v7 clone on a FAT
filesystem.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?

 1. mount external USB drive named `KINGSTON`
 2. `cd /media/anarcat/KINGSTON`
 3. `git clone ~/git-annex-repo` `git -C git-annex-repo annex info`

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?

7.20181121 on Debian buster.

### Please provide any additional information below.

I have a small-ish repository (1.2GB) that I was hoping to more
naturally clone onto an external USB stick. It took a surprisingly
long time, so at first I thought it was actually fetching the files as
well:

    anarcat@curie:KINGSTON$ git clone ~/Pictures/calendes
    Clonage dans 'calendes'...
    fait.
    Extraction des fichiers: 100% (174/174), fait.
    "git clone ~/Pictures/calendes" took 4 mins 54 secs

But no, the repository is actually quite small:

    $ du -shL calendes
    47M	calendes

Okay, let's figure out what's on there:

    anarcat@curie:calendes$ git annex info

      Detected a filesystem without fifo support.

      Disabling ssh connection caching.

      Detected a crippled filesystem.
    (merging origin/git-annex into git-annex...)
    (recording state in git...)

      Entering an adjusted branch where files are unlocked as this filesystem does not support locked files.

    Basculement sur la branche 'adjusted/master(unlocked)'
    repository mode: indirect
    trusted repositories: 0
    semitrusted repositories: 7
    	00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000001 -- web
     	00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000002 -- bittorrent
     	012c0223-72a6-4215-92fc-d130420c74b4 -- anarcat@curie:/media/anarcat/KINGSTON/calendes [here]
     	383d0375-492f-47a3-9ab0-5e98cb8dae7e -- anarcat@angela:~/Pictures/calendes
     	39538a65-dfdf-461a-80a6-5bba368eac8d -- anarcat@curie:~/Pictures/calendes [origin]
     	434fe592-63af-4a76-8ee0-25ae70c66dff -- anarcat@marcos:/var/www/calendes
     	c7cdb1a3-a84f-49b1-a50d-95db16be7313 -- anarcat@marcos:~/Pictures/calendes
    untrusted repositories: 0
    transfers in progress: none
    available local disk space: 15.41 gigabytes (+1 megabyte reserved)
    local annex keys: 0
    local annex size: 0 bytes
    annexed files in working tree: 0
    size of annexed files in working tree: 0 bytes
    bloom filter size: 32 mebibytes (0% full)
    backend usage:

Hmm.. Okay, adjusted branches. Not sure how that works, but let's try
it out:

    anarcat@curie:calendes$ git annex get
    anarcat@curie:calendes$ git annex get pictures/2018-01/DSCF1012.RAF
    anarcat@curie:calendes$

Hmm... That does nothing. Okay, reading back [[git-annex-adjust]], it
says that `sync --content` should work:

    anarcat@curie:calendes$ git annex sync --content
    commit 
    Sur la branche adjusted/master(unlocked)
    rien à valider, la copie de travail est propre
    ok
    pull origin 
    ok
    push origin 
    Énumération des objets: 8, fait.
    Décompte des objets: 100% (8/8), fait.
    Compression par delta en utilisant jusqu'à 4 fils d'exécution
    Compression des objets: 100% (5/5), fait.
    Écriture des objets: 100% (6/6), 714 bytes | 714.00 KiB/s, fait.
    Total 6 (delta 2), réutilisés 1 (delta 0)
    To /home/anarcat/Pictures/calendes
       a0b9ba9..490f30e  master -> synced/master
     * [new branch]      git-annex -> synced/git-annex
    ok

(Ah crap, I forgot `--no-push` and now I need to mark that thing as
dead.)

Okay, that didn't work either: the files are still missing from the
USB key. I have also tried to `git annex copy --to KINGSTON` after
setting up the remote: the copy goes fine, but the file is still
absent, according to `git annex whereis` from the `KINGSTON` repo's
perspective, and the file in the worktree is still just the pointer to
the internal datastructures.

At that point I gave up and copied the files directly using a file
manager because, thankfully, the new v7 mode seems to work well enough
for me to be able to just copy files that way now. :)

How do I fetch those files anyways? -- [[anarcat]]

> Ugh. Obviously, problem between keyboard and chair here. :( Turns
> out the clone didn't create a v7 repository, and a simple `git annex
> upgrade` on the clone fixed the problem. The `Entering an adjusted
> branch` warning threw me off - I thought it was an indicator that
> the `init` stage (correctly?) detected it should be in v7 mode. I
> would have expected a v5 repo to be in classical `direct` mode here,
> not this weird state where it's "partly v7". Maybe I misunderstood
> something?

### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)

I am a faithful user of git-annex since almost the beginning, and it's
serving me incredibly well. The new v7 mode seems awesome and I have
high hopes it will solve a *ton* of workflow issues I have identified
over time with git-annex. So congratulations on that awesome work! :)
