### Please describe the problem.
Recently I've noticed that the webapp is missing CSS styles. Upon inspection it seems that the CSS and JS resources fail to load with "401 Unauthorized" responses. If I copy the "?auth=" parameter from the main URL then I can access any of them, but I guess the session cookie isn't working.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?
1. Start the assistant with "git annex assistant start" or "git annex assistant" or "git annex assistant --autostart"
2. Open the webapp with "git annex webapp" or by opening $ANNEX_DIR/.git/annex/webapp.html 
3. The web app is missing all style and javascript resources

### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?
git-annex version: 6.20161031
build flags: Assistant Webapp Pairing Testsuite S3(multipartupload)(storageclasses) WebDAV FsEvents XMPP ConcurrentOutput TorrentParser MagicMime Feeds Quvi
key/value backends: SHA256E SHA256 SHA512E SHA512 SHA224E SHA224 SHA384E SHA384 SHA3_256E SHA3_256 SHA3_512E SHA3_512 SHA3_224E SHA3_224 SHA3_384E SHA3_384 SKEIN256E SKEIN256 SKEIN512E SKEIN512 SHA1E SHA1 MD5E MD5 WORM URL
remote types: git gcrypt S3 bup directory rsync web bittorrent webdav tahoe glacier ddar hook external
local repository version: 6
supported repository versions: 3 5 6
upgrade supported from repository versions: 0 1 2 3 4 5
operating system: darwin x86_64

### Please provide any additional information below.

[[!format sh """
# If you can, paste a complete transcript of the problem occurring here.
# If the problem is with the git-annex assistant, paste in .git/annex/daemon.log

[2016-11-10 10:35:20.214701] main: starting assistant version 6.20161031


# End of transcript or log.
"""]]

### Have you had any luck using git-annex before? (Sometimes we get tired of reading bug reports all day and a lil' positive end note does wonders)

> [[done]], my fix worked! Don't know entirely why it was needed..
> --[[Joey]]
