### Please describe the problem.
I'm using git-annex v6 in windows and seems `git annex get` fails.
Deleting the pointer files and doing a hard reset seems to fix the problem.
Another bug report named "v6 repo can not restore files with executable permission" seems to point to the same problem but a little different.

### What steps will reproduce the problem?
I have a repo in D:\annex with a file `test`
Now I create another repo:

	$ cd H:\annex

	$ git init
	Initialized empty Git repository in H:/annex/.git/

	$ git annex init "portable drive"
	init portable drive
	  Detected a filesystem without fifo support.

	  Disabling ssh connection caching.

	  Detected a crippled filesystem.

	  Enabling direct mode.
	ok
	(recording state in git...)

	$ git annex upgrade
	upgrade . (v5 to v6...)
	  Upgraded repository out of direct mode.

	  Changes have been staged for all annexed files in this repository; you should run `git commit` to commit these changes.

	  Any other clones of this repository that use direct mode need to be upgraded now, too.
	ok

	$ git remote add laptop D:/annex

	$ git annex sync
	commit  ok
	pull laptop
	warning: no common commits
	remote: Counting objects: 21, done.
	remote: Compressing objects: 100% (15/15), done.
	remote: Total 21 (delta 3), reused 0 (delta 0)
	Unpacking objects: 100% (21/21), done.
	From D:/annex
	 * [new branch]      git-annex  -> laptop/git-annex
	 * [new branch]      master     -> laptop/master
	 * [new branch]      synced/git-annex -> laptop/synced/git-annex
	 * [new branch]      synced/master -> laptop/synced/master


	Already up-to-date.
	ok
	(merging laptop/git-annex laptop/synced/git-annex into git-annex...)
	(recording state in git...)
	push laptop
	Counting objects: 8, done.
	Delta compression using up to 8 threads.
	Compressing objects: 100% (6/6), done.
	Writing objects: 100% (8/8), 928 bytes | 0 bytes/s, done.
	Total 8 (delta 0), reused 0 (delta 0)
	To D:/annex
	   c1aee82..980dc01  git-annex -> synced/git-annex
	ok

	$ git annex get .
	get test (from laptop...)
	SHA256E-s14488367--4391729b982439764813156e1bfc12e9626ae89452ab812f5180c376fbd57fc0
		 14,488,367 100%   63.24MB/s    0:00:00 (xfr#1, to-chk=0/1)
	(checksum...)
	git-annex: DeleteFile ".\\test": permission denied (The process cannot access the file because it is being used by another process.)
	failed
	git-annex: get: 1 failed

It seems to try to delete the pointer file, but finds the file in use. Maybe fsck is using it?

	$ cat test
	/annex/objects/SHA256E-s14488367--4391729b982439764813156e1bfc12e9626ae89452ab812f5180c376fbd57fc0

	$ git annex lock
	lock test git-annex: content not present; cannot lock

And `git annex unlock` will do nothing.

If you can't reproduce the problem, I'll run the tests for you.
### What version of git-annex are you using? On what operating system?
Latest compile from source, Windows 8.1
