git-annex 5.20150219 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * glacier: Detect when the glacier command in PATH is the wrong one,
     from boto, rather than from glacier-cli, and refuse to use it,
     since the boto program fails to fail when passed
     parameters it does not understand.
   * groupwanted: New command to set the groupwanted preferred content
     expression.
   * import: Support file matching options such as --exclude, --include,
     --smallerthan, --largerthan
   * The file matching options are now only accepted by commands that
     can actually use them, instead of by all commands.
   * import: Avoid checksumming file twice when run in the default
     or --duplicate mode.
   * Windows: Fix bug in dropping an annexed file, which
     caused a symlink to be staged that contained backslashes.
   * webapp: Fix reversion in opening webapp when starting it manually
     inside a repository.
   * assistant: Improve sanity check for control characters when pairing.
   * Improve race recovery code when committing to git-annex branch.
   * addurl: Avoid crash if quvi is not installed, when git-annex was
     built with process-1.2
   * bittorrent: Fix mojibake introduced in parsing arai2c progress output.
   * fsck --from: If a download from a remote fails, propagate the failure.
   * metadata: When setting metadata, do not recurse into directories by
     default, since that can be surprising behavior and difficult to recover
     from. The old behavior is available by using --force.
   * sync, assistant: Include repository name in head branch commit message.
   * The ssh-options git config is now used by gcrypt, rsync, and ddar
     special remotes that use ssh as a transport.
   * sync, assistant: Use the ssh-options git config when doing git pull
     and push.
   * remotedaemon: Use the ssh-options git config.
   * Linux standalone: Improved process names of linker shimmed programs."""]]