git-annex 3.20121009 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * watch, assistant: It's now safe to git annex unlock files while
     the watcher is running, as well as modify files checked into git
     as normal files. Additionally, .gitignore settings are now honored.
     Closes: #[689979](http://bugs.debian.org/689979)
   * group, ungroup: New commands to indicate groups of repositories.
   * webapp: Adds newly created repositories to one of these groups:
     clients, drives, servers
   * vicfg: New command, allows editing (or simply viewing) most
     of the repository configuration settings stored in the git-annex branch.
   * Added preferred content expressions, configurable using vicfg.
   * get --auto: If the local repository has preferred content
     configured, only get that content.
   * drop --auto: If the repository the content is dropped from has
     preferred content configured, drop only content that is not preferred.
   * copy --auto: Only transfer content that the destination repository prefers.
   * assistant: Now honors preferred content settings when deciding what to
     transfer.
   * --copies=group:number can now be used to match files that are present
     in a specified number of repositories in a group.
   * Added --smallerthan, --largerthan, and --inall limits.
   * Only build-depend on libghc-clientsession-dev on arches that will have
     the webapp.
   * uninit: Unset annex.version. Closes: #[689852](http://bugs.debian.org/689852)"""]]