git-annex 3.20121001 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * fsck: Now has an incremental mode. Start a new incremental fsck pass
     with git annex fsck --incremental. Now the fsck can be interrupted
     as desired, and resumed with git annex fsck --more.
     Thanks, Justin Azoff
   * New --time-limit option, makes long git-annex commands stop after
     a specified amount of time.
   * fsck: New --incremental-schedule option which is nice for scheduling
     eg, monthly incremental fsck runs in cron jobs.
   * Fix fallback to ~/Desktop when xdg-user-dir is not available.
     Closes: #[688833](http://bugs.debian.org/688833)
   * S3: When using a shared cipher, S3 credentials are not stored encrypted
     in the git repository, as that would allow anyone with access to
     the repository access to the S3 account. Instead, they're stored
     in a 600 mode file in the local git repo.
   * webapp: Avoid crashing when ssh-keygen -F chokes on an invalid known\_hosts
     file.
   * Always do a system wide installation when DESTDIR is set. Closes: #[689052](http://bugs.debian.org/689052)
   * The Makefile now builds with the new yesod by default.
     Systems like Debian that have the old yesod 1.0.1 should set
     GIT\_ANNEX\_LOCAL\_FEATURES=-DWITH\_OLD\_YESOD
   * copy: Avoid updating the location log when no copy is performed.
   * configure: Test that uuid -m works, falling back to plain uuid if not.
   * Avoid building the webapp on Debian architectures that do not yet
     have template haskell and thus yesod. (Should be available for arm soonish
     I hope)."""]]