git-annex 5.20150824 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Sped up downloads of files from ssh remotes, reducing the
     non-data-transfer overhead 6x.
   * sync: Support --jobs
   * sync --content: Avoid unnecessary second pull from remotes when
     no file transfers are made.
   * External special remotes can now be built that can be used in readonly
     mode, where git-annex downloads content from the remote using regular
     http.
   * Added WHEREIS to external special remote protocol.
   * importfeed --relaxed: Avoid hitting the urls of items in the feed.
   * Fix reversion in init when ran as root, introduced in version 5.20150731.
   * Reorder declaration to fix build with yesod-core &gt; 1.4.13.
     Thanks, Michael Alan Dorman.
   * Fix building without quvi and without database.
     Thanks, Ben Boeckel.
   * Avoid building the assistant on the hurd, since an inotify equivalent
     is not yet implemented in git-annex for the hurd.
   * --debug log messages are now timestamped with fractional seconds.
   * --debug is passed along to git-annex-shell when git-annex is in debug mode.
   * Makefile: Pass LDFLAGS, CFLAGS, and CPPFLAGS through ghc and on to
     ld, cc, and cpp.
   * As a result of the Makefile changes, the Debian package is built
     with various hardening options. Although their benefit to a largely
     haskell program is unknown."""]]

Note: The x86-64 bit linux standalone tarball shipped with this version had
a broken version of ssh that crashed on startup. The tarball has been
updated to fix this problem.
