git-annex 4.20130314 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Bugfix: git annex add, when ran without any file or directory specified,
     should add files in the current directory, but not act on unlocked files
     elsewhere in the tree.
   * Bugfix: drop --from an unavailable remote no longer updates the location
     log, incorrectly, to say the remote does not have the key.
   * Bugfix: If the UUID of a remote is not known, prevent --from, --to,
     and other ways of specifying remotes by name from selecting it,
     since it is not possible to sanely use it.
   * Bugfix: Fix bug in inode cache sentinal check, which broke
     copying to local repos if the repo being copied from had moved
     to a different filesystem or otherwise changed all its inodes
   * Switch from using regex-compat to regex-tdfa, as the C regex library
     is rather buggy.
   * status: Can now be run with a directory path to show only the
     status of that directory, rather than the whole annex.
   * Added remote.&lt;name&gt;.annex-gnupg-options setting.
     Thanks, guilhem for the patch.
   * addurl: Add --relaxed option.
   * addurl: Escape invalid characters in urls, rather than failing to
     use an invalid url.
   * addurl: Properly handle url-escaped characters in file:// urls.
   * assistant: Fix dropping content when a file is moved to an archive
     directory, and getting contennt when a file is moved back out.
   * assistant: Fix bug in direct mode that could occur when a symlink is
     moved out of an archive directory, and resulted in the file not being
     set to direct mode when it was transferred.
   * assistant: Generate better commits for renames.
   * assistant: Logs are rotated to avoid them using too much disk space.
   * assistant: Avoid noise in logs from git commit about typechanged
     files in direct mode repositories.
   * assistant: Set gc.auto=0 when creating repositories to prevent
     automatic commits from causing git-gc runs.
   * assistant: If gc.auto=0, run git-gc once a day, packing loose objects
     very non-aggressively.
   * assistant: XMPP git pull and push requests are cached and sent when
     presence of a new client is detected.
   * assistant: Sync with all git remotes on startup.
   * assistant: Get back in sync with XMPP remotes after network reconnection,
     and on startup.
   * assistant: Fix syncing after XMPP pairing.
   * assistant: Optimised handling of renamed files in direct mode,
     avoiding re-checksumming.
   * assistant: Detects most renames, including directory renames, and
     combines all their changes into a single commit.
   * assistant: Fix ~/.ssh/git-annex-shell wrapper to work when the
     ssh key does not force a command.
   * assistant: Be smarter about avoiding unncessary transfers.
   * webapp: Work around bug in Warp's slowloris attack prevention code,
     that caused regular browsers to stall when they reuse a connection
     after leaving it idle for 30 seconds.
     (See https://github.com/yesodweb/wai/issues/146)
   * webapp: New preferences page allows enabling/disabling debug logging
     at runtime, as well as configuring numcopies and diskreserve.
   * webapp: Repository costs can be configured by dragging repositories around
     in the repository list.
   * webapp: Proceed automatically on from "Configure jabber account"
     to pairing.
   * webapp: Only show up to 10 queued transfers.
   * webapp: DTRT when told to create a git repo that already exists.
   * webapp: Set locally paired repositories to a lower cost than other
     network remotes.
   * Run ssh with -T to avoid tty allocation and any login scripts that
     may do undesired things with it.
   * Several improvements to Makefile and cabal file. Thanks, Peter Simmons
   * Stop depending on testpack.
   * Android: Enable test suite."""]]