git-annex 5.20140227 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * metadata: Field names limited to alphanumerics and a few whitelisted
     punctuation characters to avoid issues with views, etc.
   * metadata: Field names are now case insensative.
   * When constructing views, metadata is available about the location of the
     file in the view's reference branch. Allows incorporating parts of the
     directory hierarchy in a view.
     For example `git annex view tag=* podcasts/=*` makes a view in the form
     tag/showname.
   * --metadata field=value can now use globs to match, and matches
     case insensatively, the same as git annex view field=value does.
   * annex.genmetadata can be set to make git-annex automatically set
     metadata (year and month) when adding files.
   * Make annex.web-options be used in several places that call curl.
   * Fix handling of rsync remote urls containing a username,
     including rsync.net.
   * Preserve metadata when staging a new version of an annexed file.
   * metadata: Support --json
   * webapp: Fix creation of box.com and Amazon S3 and Glacier
     repositories, broken in 5.20140221.
   * webdav: When built with DAV 0.6.0, use the new DAV monad to avoid
     locking files, which is not needed by git-annex's use of webdav, and
     does not work on Box.com.
   * webdav: Fix path separator bug when used on Windows.
   * repair: Optimise unpacking of pack files, and avoid repeated error
     messages about corrupt pack files.
   * Add build dep on regex-compat to fix build on mipsel, which lacks
     regex-tdfa.
   * Disable test suite on sparc, which is missing optparse-applicative.
   * Put non-object tmp files in .git/annex/misctmp, leaving .git/annex/tmp
     for only partially transferred objects."""]]