git-annex 5.20140915 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * New annex.hardlink setting. Closes: #[758593](http://bugs.debian.org/758593)
   * init: Automatically detect when a repository was cloned with --shared,
     and set annex.hardlink=true, as well as marking the repository as
     untrusted.
   * Fix parsing of ipv6 address in git remote address when it was not
     formatted as an url.
   * The annex-rsync-transport configuration is now also used when checking
     if a key is present on a rsync remote, and when dropping a key from
     the remote.
   * Promote file not found warning message to an error.
   * Fix transfer lock file FD leak that could occur when two separate
     git-annex processes were both working to perform the same set of
     transfers.
   * sync: Ensure that pending changes to git-annex branch are committed
     before push when in direct mode. (Fixing a very minor reversion.)
   * WORM backend: Switched to include the relative path to the file inside
     the repository, rather than just the file's base name. Note that if you're
     relying on such things to keep files separate with WORM, you should really
     be using a better backend.
   * Rather than crashing when there's a problem with the requested bloomfilter
     capacity/accuracy, fall back to a reasonable default bloom filter size.
   * Fix build with optparse-applicative 0.10. Closes: #[761484](http://bugs.debian.org/761484)
   * webapp: Fixed visual glitch in xmpp pairing that was reported live by a
     user who tracked me down in front of a coffee cart in Portland.
     (New bug reporting method of choice?)"""]]