git-annex 5.20131118 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Direct mode repositories now have core.bare=true set, to prevent
     accidentally running git commands that try to operate on the work tree,
     and so do the wrong thing in direct mode.
   * annex.version is now set to 5 for direct mode repositories.
     This upgrade is handled fully automatically, no need to run
     git annex upgrade
   * The "status" command has been renamed to "info", to allow
     "git annex status" to be used in direct mode repositories, now that
     "git status" won't work in them.
   * The -c option now not only modifies the git configuration seen by
     git-annex, but it is passed along to every git command git-annex runs.
   * watcher: Avoid loop when adding a file owned by someone else fails
     in indirect mode because its permissions cannot be modified.
   * webapp: Avoid encoding problems when displaying the daemon log file.
   * webapp: Improve UI around remote that have no annex.uuid set,
     either because setup of them is incomplete, or because the remote
     git repository is not a git-annex repository.
   * Include ssh-keygen in standalone bundle.
   * Allow optionally configuring git-annex with -fEKG to enable awesome
     remote monitoring interfaceat http://localhost:4242/
   * Fix bug that caused bad information to be written to the git-annex branch
     when running describe or other commands with a remote that has no uuid.
   * Work around Android linker problem that had prevented git-annex from
     running on Android 4.3 and 4.4.
   * repair: Handle case where index file is corrupt, but all objects are ok.
   * assistant: Notice on startup when the index file is corrupt, and
     auto-repair.
   * Fix direct mode merge bug when a direct mode file was deleted and replaced
     with a directory. An ordering problem caused the directory to not get
     created in this case.
     Thanks to Tim for the test case.
   * Direct mode .git/annex/objects directories are no longer left writable,
     because that allowed writing to symlinks of files that are not present,
     which followed the link and put bad content in an object location.
     Thanks to Tim for the test case.
   * fsck: Fix up .git/annex/object directory permissions.
   * Switched to the tasty test framework.
   * Android: Adjust default .gitignore to ignore .thumbnails at any location
     in the tree, not just at its top.
   * webapp: Check annex.version."""]]