git-annex 8.20210223 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""  * annex.stalldetection can now be set to "true" to make git-annex
    do automatic stall detection when it detects a remote is updating its
    transfer progress consistently enough for stall detection to work.
  * When annex.stalldetection is not enabled and a likely stall is
    detected, display a suggestion to enable it.
  * Commands can be added to git-annex, by installing a program in PATH
    with a name starting with "git-annex-"
  * Fix a reversion that made import of a tree from a special remote
    result in a merge that deleted files that were not preferred content
    of that special remote.
  * Bugfix: fsck --from a ssh remote did not actually check that the
    content on the remote is not corrupted.
  * unannex, uninit: When an annexed file is modified, don't overwrite
    the modified version with an older version from the annex.
  * When adding files to an adjusted branch set up by --unlock-present,
    add them unlocked, not locked.
  * Fix an oddity in matching options and preferred content expressions
    such as "foo (bar or baz)", which was incorrectly handled as if
    it were "(foo or bar) and baz)" rather than the intended
    "foo and (bar or baz)"
  * Checksum as content is received from a remote git-annex repository,
    rather than doing it in a second pass.
  * Tahoe: Avoid verifying hash after download, since tahoe does sufficient
    verification itself.
  * unannex, uninit: Don't run git rm once per annexed file,
    for a large speedup.
  * When a git remote is configured with an absolute path, use that
    path, rather than making it relative.
  * get: Improve output when failing to get a file fails.
  * Fix build on openbsd.
    Thanks, James Cook for the patch.
  * Include libkqueue.h file needed to build the assistant on BSDs."""]]