git-annex 8.20210803 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""  * whereused: New command, finds what files use a key, or where a key
    was used historically.
  * Fix a bug that prevented getting content from a repository that
    started out as a bare repository, or had annex.crippledfilesystem
    set, and was converted to a non-bare repository.
  * Fix retrieval of content from borg repos accessed over ssh.
  * sync: When --quiet is used, run git commit, push, and pull without
    their ususual output.
  * merge: When --quiet is used, run git merge without its usual output.
  * sync, merge, post-receive: Avoid merging unrelated histories,
    which used to be allowed only to support direct mode repositories.
    (However, sync does still merge unrelated histories when importing
    trees from special remotes, and the assistant still merges unrelated
    histories.)
  * sync, merge: Added --allow-unrelated-histories option, which
    is the same as the git merge option.
  * Fix bug that caused some transfers to incorrectly fail with
    "content changed while it was being sent", when the content was not
    changed.
  * Fix bug that could prevent pointer files from being populated,
    in a repository that was upgraded from v7.
  * fsck: Detect and correct stale or missing inode caches.
  * Fix a rounding bug in display of data sizes.
  * git-annex get when run as the first git-annex command in a new repo
    did not populate unlocked files.
    (Reversion in version 8.20210621)"""]]