git-annex 4.20130723 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Fix data loss bug when adding an (uncompressed) tarball of a
     git-annex repository, or other file that begins with something
     that can be mistaken for a git-annex link. Closes: #[717456](http://bugs.debian.org/717456)
   * New improved version of the git-annex logo, contributed by
     John Lawrence.
   * Rsync.net have committed to support git-annex and offer a special
     discounted rate for git-annex users. Updated the webapp to reflect this.
     http://www.rsync.net/products/git-annex-pricing.html
   * Install XDG desktop icon files.
   * Support unannex and uninit in direct mode.
   * Support import in direct mode.
   * webapp: Better display of added files.
   * fix: Preserve the original mtime of fixed symlinks.
   * uninit: Preserve .git/annex/objects at the end, if it still
     has content, so that old versions of files and deleted files
     are not deleted. Print a message with some suggested actions.
   * When a transfer is already being run by another process,
     proceed on to the next file, rather than dying.
   * Fix checking when content is present in a non-bare repository
     accessed via http.
   * Display byte sizes with more precision.
   * watcher: Fixed a crash that could occur when a directory was renamed
     or deleted before it could be scanned.
   * watcher: Partially worked around a bug in hinotify, no longer crashes
     if hinotify cannot process a directory (but can't detect changes in it)
   * directory special remote: Fix checking that there is enough disk space
     to hold an object, was broken when using encryption.
   * webapp: Differentiate between creating a new S3/Glacier/WebDav remote,
     and initializing an existing remote. When creating a new remote, avoid
     conflicts with other existing (or deleted) remotes with the same name.
   * When an XMPP server has SRV records, try them, but don't then fall
     back to the regular host if they all fail.
   * For long hostnames, use a hash of the hostname to generate the socket
     file for ssh connection caching."""]]