git-annex 7.20181121 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * git-annex-shell: Fix hang when transferring the same objects to two
     different clients at the same time. (Or when annex.pidlock is used,
     two different objects.)
   * Fixed some other potential hangs in the P2P protocol.
   * Fix bash completion of "git annex" to propertly handle files with
     spaces and other problem characters. (Completion of "git-annex"
     already did.)
   * Fix resume of download of url when the whole file content is
     already actually downloaded.
   * When an export conflict prevents accessing a special remote,
     be clearer about what the problem is and how to resolve it.
   * export, sync --content: Avoid unnecessarily trying to upload files
     to an exporttree remote that already contains the files.
   * smudge: When passed a file located outside the working tree, eg by git
     diff, avoid erroring out.
   * drop -J: Avoid processing the same key twice at the same time when
     multiple annexed files use it.
   * When a command is operating on multiple files and there's an error
     with one, try harder to continue to the rest. (As was already done
     for many types of errors including IO errors.)
   * Fixed a crash when using -J with ssh password prompts in
     --quiet/--json mode.
     Thanks to Yaroslav Halchenko and the DataLad&amp;ReproNim team for
     helping to track down this bug.
   * Remove esqueleto dependency to allow upgrading other dependencies to
     newer versions.
     Thanks Sean Parsons.
   * Fix build with persistent-sqlite older than 2.6.3.
   * Updated stack.yaml to lts-12.19; added stack-lts-9.9.yaml
     to support old versions of stack."""]]