git-annex 5.20151116 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Use concurrent-output library when configured with -fConcurrentOutput.
     This allows nicely displayed messages when using the -J flag.
   * Additional commands now support the -J flag:
     fsck, drop, add, addurl, import
   * import: Avoid very ugly error messages when the directory files
     are imported to is not a directort, but perhaps an annexed file.
   * Concurrent progress bars are now displayed when using -J with a command
     that moves file contents around.
   * Fix race that could result in an annexed file's symlink not being
     created, when eg, running concurrent git-annex adds.
   * add: Fix error recovery rollback to not move the injested file content
     out of the annex back to the file, because other files may point to
     that same content. Instead, copy the injected file content out to
     recover.
   * quvi may output utf-8 encoded data when the conifigured locale doesn't
     support that; avoid crashing on such invalid encoding.
   * runshell: Avoid failing when $HOME/.ssh does not exist and cannot be
     created.
   * Make the git-annex-standalone.deb prevent runshell from installing
     wrappers into $HOME/.ssh
   * Make git-annex-standalone.deb include the git-annex html documentation,
     desktop file, and base completion file, same as the regular git-annex.deb.
   * fsck: When fscking a dead repo, avoid incorrect "fixing location log"
     message, and display a warning about it being dead, since it's unusual
     to have access to a dead repo.
   * assistant: Pass ssh-options through 3 more git pull/push calls
     that were missed before.
   * Added annex.pidlock and annex.pidlocktimeout configuration to support
     filesystems where POSIX fcntl locks cannot be used.
   * init: Automatically enable annex.pidlock when necessary."""]]