git-annex 8.20200522 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Fix bug that made enableremote of S3 and webdav remotes, that
     have embedcreds=yes, fail to set up the embedded creds, so accessing
     the remotes failed. (Regression introduced in version 7.20200202.7)
   * addurl, importfeed: Avoid adding filenames with leading '.', instead
     it will be replaced with '\_'.
   * addurl, importfeed: Allow '-' in filenames, as long as it's not the
     first character.
   * addurl --preserve-filename: New option, uses server-provided filename
     without any sanitization, but will fail if the filename has an obvious
     security problem like using an escape sequence or trying to escape
     the current directory.
   * whereis: Added --format option.
   * S3: Support signature=v4, to use S3 Signature Version 4.
     Some S3 services seem to require v4, while others may only
     support v2, which remains the default.
   * upgrade: When upgrade fails due to an exception, display it.
   * repair: Improve fetching from a remote with an url in host:path format.
   * git-lfs repos that encrypt the annexed content but not the git repo
     only need --force passed to initremote, allow enableremote and
     autoenable of such remotes without forcing again.
   * When accessing a remote fails, always display a reason why.
   * Display a warning message when a remote uses a protocol, such as
     git://, that git-annex does not support. Silently skipping such a
     remote was confusing behavior.
   * Also display a warning message when a remote, without a known uuid,
     is located in a directory that does not currently exist, to avoid
     silently skipping such a remote.
   * sync: Avoid an ugly error message when nothing has been committed to
     master yet and there is a synced master branch to merge from.
   * Display a warning message when asked to operate on a file inside a
     directory that's a symbolic link to elsewhere.
   * Support building with tasty-1.3."""]]