git-annex 5.20150406 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Prevent git-ls-files from double-expanding wildcards when an
     unexpanded wildcard is passed to a git-annex command like add or find.
   * Fix make build target. Thanks, Justin Geibel.
   * Fix GETURLS in external special remote protocol to strip
     downloader prefix from logged url info before checking for the
     specified prefix.
   * importfeed: Avoid downloading a redundant item from a feed whose
     guid has been downloaded before, even when the url has changed.
   * importfeed: Always store itemid in metadata; before this was only
     done when annex.genmetadata was set.
   * Relax debian package dependencies to git &gt;= 1:1.8.1 rather
     than needing &gt;= 1:2.0.
   * test: Fix --list-tests
   * addurl --file: When used with a special remote that claims
     urls and checks their contents, don't override the user's provided
     filename with filenames that the special remote suggests. Also,
     don't allow adding the url if the special remote says it contains
     multiple files.
   * import: --deduplicate and --cleanduplicates now output the keys
     corresponding to duplicated files they process.
   * expire: New command, for expiring inactive repositories.
   * fsck: Record fsck activity for use by expire command.
   * Fix truncation of parameters that could occur when using xargs git-annex.
   * Significantly sped up processing of large numbers of directories
     passed to a single git-annex command.
   * version: Add --raw
   * init: Improve fifo test to detect NFS systems that support fifos
     but not well enough for sshcaching.
   * --quiet now suppresses progress displays from eg, rsync.
     (The option already suppressed git-annex's own built-in progress
     displays.)"""]]