git-annex 6.20180926 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
 * [ Joey Hess ]
   * Fixes a reversion in the last release that broke interoperation with
     older versions of git-annex-shell.
   * init: Improve generated post-receive hook, so it won't fail when
     run on a system whose git-annex is too old to support git-annex post-receive
   * init: Update the post-receive hook when re-run in an existing repository.
   * S3: Fix url construction bug when the publicurl has been set to an url
     that does not end with a slash.
   * --debug shows urls accessed by git-annex, like it used to do when
     git-annex used wget and curl.
   * Fix support for filenames containing newlines when querying git
     cat-file, though less efficiently than other filenames.
     This should make git-annex fully support filenames containing newlines
     as the rest of git's interface is used in newline-safe ways.
   * Added -z option to git-annex commands that use --batch, useful for
     supporting filenames containing newlines.
   * Added annex.maxextensionlength for use cases where extensions longer
     than 4 characters are needed.
   * Added remote.name.annex-security-allow-unverified-downloads, a
     per-remote setting for annex.security.allow-unverified-downloads.
   * More FreeBSD build fixes.
 * [ Yaroslav Halchenko ]
   * debian/control
     + add netbase to Depends: since required for basic tcp interactions
       (see e.g. https://github.com/nipy/heudiconv/issues/260)"""]]