git-annex 8.20210903 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""  * Deal with clock skew, both forwards and backwards, when logging
    information to the git-annex branch.
  * GIT\_ANNEX\_VECTOR\_CLOCK can now be set to a fixed value (eg 1)
    rather than needing to be advanced each time a new change is made.
  * Misuse of GIT\_ANNEX\_VECTOR\_CLOCK will no longer confuse git-annex.
  * add: When adding a dotfile, avoid treating its name as an extension.
  * rsync special remote: Stop displaying rsync progress, and use
    git-annex's own progress display.
  * Many special remotes now checksum content while it is being retrieved,
    instead of in a separate pass at the end. This is supported for all
    special remotes on Linux (except for bittorrent), and for many
    on other OS's (except for adb, external, gcrypt, hook, and rsync).
  * unused: Skip the refs/annex/last-index ref that git-annex recently
    started creating.
  * Fix test suite failure on Windows.
  * New --batch-keys option added to these commands:
    get, drop, move, copy, whereis
  * Added annex.youtube-dl-command config. This can be used to run some
    forks of youtube-dl.
  * Run cp -a with --no-preserve=xattr, to avoid problems with copied
    xattrs, including them breaking permissions setting on some NFS
    servers.
  * add, import: Detect when xattrs or perhaps ACLs prevent removing
    write permissions from an annexed file, and fail with an informative
    message.
  * Fix support for readonly git remotes.
    (Reversion in version 8.20210621)
  * When downloading urls fail, explain which urls failed for which
    reasons.
  * web: Avoid displaying a warning when downloading one url failed
    but another url later succeeded."""]]