git-annex 6.20160511 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Fix bug that sometimes prevented git-annex smudge --clean from consuming
     all its input, which resulted in git add bypassing git-annex.
   * Fix build with directory-1.2.6.2.
   * Improve behavior when a just added http remote is not available
     during uuid probe. Do not mark it as annex-ignore, so it will be tried
     again later.
   * Android: Icon refresh.
     Thanks, freewheelinfranks.
   * Added DIRHASH-LOWER to external special remote protocol.
   * git-annex.cabal: Add Setup-Depends.
   * stack.yaml: Enable explicit-setup-deps.
   * Windows: Fix several bugs in propigation of changes from the adjusted
     branch back to the master branch.
   * Windows: Fix an over-long temp directory name.
   * map: Hide dead repositories that are not connected to the graph.
   * map: Changed colors; red is used for untrusted repositories and grey
     for dead.
   * version: Display OS version and architecture too.
   * Propigate GIT\_DIR and GIT\_WORK\_TREE environment to external special
     remotes.
   * Added annex.gnupg-decrypt-options and
     remote.&lt;name&gt;.annex-gnupg-decrypt-options, which are passed to gpg
     when it's decrypting data.
   * fsck: When a key is not previously known in the location log,
     record something so that reinject --known will work.
   * In the unusual configuration where annex.crippledfilesystem=true but
     core.symlinks=true, store object contents in mixed case hash
     directories so that symlinks will point to them.
   * Added new encryption=sharedpubkey mode for special remotes.
     This is useful for makking a special remote that anyone with a clone
     of the repo and your public keys can upload files to, but only you can
     decrypt the files stored in it."""]]