git-annex 6.20170520 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * move --to=here moves from all reachable remotes to the local repository.
   * initremote, enableremote: Support gpg subkeys suffixed with an
     exclamation mark, which forces gpg to use a specific subkey.
   * Improve progress display when watching file size, in cases where
     a transfer does not resume.
   * Fix transfer log file locking problem when running concurrent
     transfers.
   * Avoid concurrent git-config setting problem when running concurrent
     threads.
   * metadata: When setting metadata of a file that did not exist,
     no error message was displayed, unlike getting metadata and most other
     git-annex commands. Fixed this oversight.
   * Added annex.resolvemerge configuration, which can be set to false to
     disable the usual automatic merge conflict resolution done by git-annex
     sync and the assistant.
   * sync: Added --no-resolvemerge option.
   * Avoid error about git-annex-shell not being found when
     syncing with -J with a git remote where git-annex-shell is not
     installed.
   * Fix bug that prevented transfer locks from working when
     run on SMB or other filesystem that does not support fcntl locks
     and hard links.
   * assistant: Merge changes from refs/remotes/foo/master into master.
     Previously, only sync branches were merged. This makes regular git push
     into a repository watched by the assistant auto-merge.
   * Makefile: Install completions for the fish and zsh shells
     when git-annex is built with optparse-applicative-0.14.
   * assistant: Don't trust OSX FSEvents's eventFlagItemModified to be called
     when the last writer of a file closes it; apparently that sometimes
     does not happen, which prevented files from being quickly added."""]]