git-annex 7.20190219 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * init: Fix bug when direct mode needs to be enabled on a crippled
     filesystem, that left the repository in indirect mode.
   * Fix false positive in export conflict detection, that occurred
     when the same tree was exported by multiple clones. Previous fix was
     incomplete.
   * When key-based retrieval from a S3 remote with exporttree=yes appendonly=yes
     fails, fall back to trying to retrieve from the exported tree.
     This allows downloads of files that were exported to such a remote
     before versioning was enabled on it.
   * Fix path separator bug on Windows that completely broke git-annex
     since version 7.20190122.
   * Improved speed of S3 remote by only loading S3 creds once.
   * Display progress bar when getting files from export remotes.
   * Fix race in cleanup of othertmp directory that could result in a failure
     attempting to access it.
   * fromkey: Made idempotent.
   * fromkey: Added --json.
   * fromkey --batch output changed to support using it with --json.
     The old output was not parseable for any useful information, so
     this is not expected to break anything.
   * Avoid performing repository fixups for submodules and git-worktrees
     when there's a .noannex file that will prevent git-annex from being
     used in the repository.
   * init: Don't let --force be used to override a .noannex file,
     instead the user can just delete the file.
   * webdav: Exporting files with '#' or '?' in their name won't work because
     urls get truncated on those. Fail in a better way in this case,
     and avoid failing when removing such files from the export, so
     after the user has renamed the problem files the export will succeed.
   * On Windows, avoid using rsync for local copies, since rsync is not
     always available there.
   * Added NetworkBSD build flag to deal with Network.BSD moving to a new
     package."""]]