git-annex 8.20201129 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""  * New borg special remote. This is a new kind of remote, that examines
    borg backups of git-annex repositories, learns what files have been
    backed up, and can restore files from the backup and so on. As well
    as backups, it can be useful for archival storage, since borg can
    efficiently store many related versions of files.
  * New config annex.stalldetection, remote.name.annex-stalldetection,
    which can be used to deal with remotes that stall during transfers,
    or are sometimes too slow to want to use.
  * Support special remotes that are configured with importtree=yes but
    without exporttree=yes.
  * Fix bug that made the next download after an empty file from a ssh
    or tor remote fail.
  * Avoid spurious "verification of content failed" message when downloading
    content from a ssh or tor remote fails due to the remote no longer
    having a copy of the content.
  * Fix bug that matched include= and exclude= in preferred/required content
    expressions relative to the current directory, rather than the path
    from the top of the repository.
    (Reversion introduced in version 8.20201116.)
  * Fix hang on shutdown of external special remote using ASYNC protocol
    extension.
    (Reversion introduced in version 8.20201007.)
  * Guard against running in a repo where annex.uuid is set but
    annex.version is not set, or vice-versa.
  * Avoid autoinit when a repo does not have annex.version or annex.uuid
    set, but has a git-annex objects directory, suggesting it was used
    by git-annex before, and the git config may have been lost.
  * importfeed: Avoid using youtube-dl when a feed does not contain an
    enclosure, but only a link to an url which youtube-dl does not support.
  * initremote: Prevent enabling encryption with exporttree=yes or
    importtree=yes.
  * Windows: include= and exclude= containing '/' will also match filenames
    that are written using '\'. (And vice-versa, but it's better to use '/'
    for portability.)
  * Fix a bug that could prevent getting files from an importtree=yes
    remote, because the imported tree was allowed to be garbage collected.
  * stack.yaml: Updated to lts-16.27."""]]