git-annex 7.20190322 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * New feature allows importing from special remotes, using
     git annex import branch:subdir --from remote
   * Directory special remote supports being configured with importree=yes,
     to allow git-annex import of files from the directory. This can be
     combined with exporttree=yes and git-annex export used to send changes
     back to the same directory.
   * Remote tracking branches are updated when importing and exporting to
     special remotes, in ways analagous to how git fetch and git push do.
   * export: Deprecated the --tracking option.
     Instead, users can configure remote.&lt;name&gt;.annex-tracking-branch
     themselves.
   * sync --content: When remote.&lt;name&gt;.annex-tracking-branch is configured,
     import from special remotes.
   * sync, assistant: --no-push and remote.&lt;name&gt;.annex-push prevent exporting
     trees to special remotes.
   * Fix storage of metadata values containing newlines.
     (Reversion introduced in version 7.20190122.)
   * Sped up git-annex export in repositories with lots of keys.
   * S3: Support enabling bucket versioning when built with aws-0.21.1.
   * stack.yaml: Build with aws-0.21.1
   * Fix cleanup of git-annex:export.log after git-annex forget --drop-dead.
   * Makefile: Added install-home target which installs git-annex into
     the HOME directory.
   * addurl --file: Fix a bug that made youtube-dl be used unneccessarily
     when adding an html url that does not contain any media.
   * Add -- before %f in the smudge/clean filter configuration,
     to support filenames starting with dashes.
     (To update the config of existing repositories, you can
     re-run git-annex init.)
   * fsck: Detect situations where annex.thin has caused data loss
     to the content of locked files.
   * Removed bundled gpg from the Linux standalone build and OSX dmg,
     because gpg now always wants to use gpg-agent, and shipping such a daemon
     in those is not a good idea.
   * import: Let --force overwrite symlinks, not only regular files.
   * Android: Fix typo of name of armv7l in installation script.
     Thanks, 4omecha.
   * S3: Added protocol= initremote setting, to allow https to be used
     on a non-standard port."""]]