git-annex 4.20130909 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * initremote: Syntax change when setting up an encrypted special remote.
     Now use keyid=$KEYID rather than the old encryption=$KEYID
   * forget: New command, causes git-annex branch history to be forgotten
     in a way that will spread to other clones of the repository.
     (As long as they're running this version or newer of git-annex.)
   * forget --drop-dead: Completely removes mentions of repositories that
     have been marked as dead from the git-annex branch.
   * sync, assistant: Force push of the git-annex branch. Necessary
     to ensure it gets pushed to remotes after being rewritten by forget.
   * Added gcrypt support. This combines a fully encrypted git
     repository (using git-remote-gcrypt) with an encrypted git-annex special
     remote.
   * sync: Support syncing with gcrypt remotes.
   * importfeed: Also ignore transient problems with downloading content
     from feeds.
   * Honor core.sharedrepository when receiving and adding files in direct
     mode.
   * enableremote: gpg keys can be removed from those a remote encrypts
     to by passing "keyid-=$KEYID". keyid+= is also provided.
     (Thanks, guilhem for the patch.)
   * Added encryption=pubkey scheme, which encrypts to public keys directly
     rather than the hybrid approach. See documentation for advantages
     and disadvantages, but encryption=hybrid is the recommended scheme still.
     (Thanks, guilhem for the patch.)
   * Fix Feeds display in build flags.
   * Remind user when annex-ignore is set for some remotes, if unable to
     get or drop a file, possibly because it's on an ignored remote.
   * gpg: Force --no-textmode in case the user has it turned on in config.
   * webapp: Improve javascript's handling of longpolling connection
     failures, by reloading the current page in this case.
     Works around chromium behavior where ajax connections to urls
     that were already accessed are denied after navigating back to
     a previous page.
   * Allow building without quvi support."""]]