News for git-annex 6.20170101:

   XMPP support has been removed from the assistant in this release.
   If your repositories used XMPP to keep in sync, that will no longer
   work, and you should enable some other remote to keep them in sync.
   A ssh server is one way, or use the new Tor pairing feature.

git-annex 6.20170101 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * XMPP support has been removed from the assistant in this release.
     If your repositories used XMPP to keep in sync, that will no longer
     work, and you should enable some other remote to keep them in sync.
     A ssh server is one way, or use the new Tor pairing feature.
   * p2p --pair makes it easy to pair repositories, over Tor, using
     Magic Wormhole codes to find the other repository.
     See http://git-annex.branchable.com/tips/peer\_to\_peer\_network\_with\_tor/
   * webapp: The "Share with a friend" and "Share with your other devices"
     pages have been changed to pair repositories using Tor and Magic Wormhole.
   * metadata --batch: Fix bug when conflicting metadata changes were
     made in the same batch run.
   * Pass annex.web-options to wget and curl after other options, so that
     eg --no-show-progress can be set by the user to disable the default
     --show-progress.
   * Revert ServerAliveInterval change in 6.20161111, which caused problems
     with too many old versions of ssh and unusual ssh configurations.
     It should have not been needed anyway since ssh is supposted to
     have TCPKeepAlive enabled by default.
   * Make all --batch input, as well as fromkey and registerurl stdin
     be processed without requiring it to be in the current encoding.
   * p2p: --link no longer takes a remote name, instead the --name
     option can be used.
   * Linux standalone: Improve generation of locale definition files,
     supporting locales such as en\_GB.UTF-8.
   * rekey --force: Incorrectly marked the new key's content as being
     present in the local repo even when it was not.
   * enable-tor: Put tor sockets in /var/lib/tor-annex/, rather
     than in /etc/tor/hidden\_service/.
   * enable-tor: No longer needs to be run as root.
   * enable-tor: When run as a regular user, also tests a connection back to
     the hidden service over tor.
   * Support all common locations of the torrc file.
   * Always use filesystem encoding for all file and handle reads and
     writes.
   * Fix build with directory-1.3.
   * Debian: Suggest tor and magic-wormhole.
   * Debian: Build webapp on armel."""]]