git-annex 8.20211028 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""  * Removed support for accessing git remotes that use versions of
    git-annex older than 6.20180312.
  * git-annex-shell: Removed several commands that were only needed to
    support git-annex versions older than 6.20180312.
  * Negotiate P2P protocol version with tor remotes, allowing
    use of protocol version 1. This negotiation is not supported
    by versions of git-annex older than 6.20180312.
  * Fix bug that caused stale git-annex branch information to read
    when annex.private or remote.name.annex-private is set.
  * git-annex get when run as the first git-annex command in a new repo
    did not populate all unlocked files.
    (Reversion in version 8.20210621)
  * Fix using lookupkey and info inside a subdirectory of the git repository.
    (Reversion in version 8.20211011)
  * Avoid some sqlite crashes on Windows SubSystem for Linux (WSL).
  * Call annex.freezecontent-command on the annex object file
    after it has been moved into place in annex/objects/. This allows
    the hook to freeze the file in ways that prevent moving it, such as
    removing the Windows delete permission.
    Thanks, Reiko Asakura.
  * addurl: Support adding the same url to multiple files at the same
    time when using -J with --batch --with-files.
  * When retrieval from a chunked remote fails, display the error that
    occurred when downloading the chunk, rather than the error that
    occurred when trying to download the unchunked content, which is less
    likely to actually be stored in the remote.
  * Avoid crashing tilde expansion on user who does not exist.
  * test: Put gpg temp home directory in system temp directory,
    not filesystem being tested."""]]

News for 8.20211028: 

This version of git-annex removes support for communicating with git-annex
remotes that have version 6.20180312 or older installed.
