git-annex 7.20190819 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * New git-lfs special remote, which can be used to store data on any git-lfs
     server, including github, gitlab, and gogs.
   * Support fully encrypting all data sent to a git-lfs special remote,
     using a combination of gcrypt to encrypt the git data, and git-annex's
     encryption of its data.
   * Use the same optimisation for --in=here as has always been
     used for --in=. rather than the slow code path that unncessarily
     queries the git-annex branch.
   * Allow setting up a gcrypt special remote with encryption=shared.
   * Fix querying git for object type when operating on a file containing
     newlines.
   * merge: When run with a branch parameter, merges from that branch.
     This is especially useful when using an adjusted branch, because
     it applies the same adjustment to the branch before merging it.
   * init: Install working hook scripts when run on a crippled filesystem
     and on Windows. If your repository was set up by an old version
     of git-annex that omitted the hooks, you can simply re-run git-annex init
     to install them.
   * init: When the repo is already initialized, and --version requests a
     different version, error out rather than silently not changing the
     version.
   * S3: Fix encoding when generating public urls of S3 objects.
   * Make git-annex-standalone.deb include the shell completions again.
   * Makefile: Changed default zsh completion location to zsh default fpath.
     Systems such as Debian that have overridden the default fpath will
     need to set ZSH\_COMPLETIONS\_PATH.
   * test: Add pass using adjusted unlocked branch.
   * Fix intermittent failure of the test suite, where its repeated opening
     and writing to the sqlite database somehow caused inode cache information
     to occasionally be lost.
   * Fix several test suite failures on Windows.
   * Windows installer: Always install to 64 bit program files directory,
     since it needs 64 bit git now.
   * Build with silently-1.2.5.1 on Windows; the old one used "NUL" device
     which is not supported with recent versions of ghc."""]]