git-annex 6.20160126 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Fix nasty reversion in the last release that broke sync --content's
     handling of many preferred content expressions.
   * whereis --json: Urls are now listed inside the remote that claims them,
     rather than all together at the end.
   * info, add, whereis, find: Support --batch mode.
   * Force output to be line-buffered, even when it's not connected to the
     terminal. This is particuarly important for commands with --batch
     output, which was not always being flushed at an appropriate time.
   * add, import: Support --json output.
   * addurl --json: Include field for added key (unless the file was
     added directly to git due to annex.largefiles configuration.)
     (Also done by add --json and import --json)
   * registerurl: Check if a remote claims the url, same as addurl does.
   * Bug fix: Git config settings passed to git-annex -c did not always take
     effect.
   * assistant: Use udisks2 dbus events to detect when disks are mounted,
     instead of relying on gnome/kde stuff that is not stable.
   * Fix build with QuickCheck 2.8.2
   * matchexpression: New plumbing command to check if a preferred content
     expression matches some data.
   * Removed the webapp-secure build flag, rolling it into the webapp build
     flag.
   * Removed the quvi, tahoe, feed, and tfds build flags, adding
     aeson feed and regex-tdfa to the core dependencies.
   * Roll the dns build flag into the assistant build flag.
   * Debian: Avoid building debug package, since gdb is not often useful
     to debug haskell programs."""]]