git-annex 10.20230214 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""  * sync: Fix a bug that caused files to be removed from an
    importtree=yes exporttree=yes special remote when the remote's
    annex-tracking-branch was not the currently checked out branch.
  * S3: Support a region= configuration useful for some non-Amazon S3
    implementations. This feature needs git-annex to be built with aws-0.24.
  * view: New field?=glob and ?tag syntax that includes a directory "\_"
    in the view for files that do not have the specified metadata set.
  * Added annex.viewunsetdirectory git config to change the name of the
    "\_" directory in a view.
  * Changed the name of view branches to include the parent branch.
    Existing view branches checked out using an old name will still work.
  * sync: Avoid pushing view branches to remotes.
  * sync: When run in a view branch, refresh the view branch to reflect any
    changes that have been made to the parent branch or metadata.
  * sync: When run in a view branch, avoid updating synced/ branches,
    or trying to merge anything from remotes.
  * Support http urls that contain ":" that is not followed by a port
    number, the same as git does.
  * sync: Warn when the adjusted basis ref cannot be found, as happens eg when
    the user has renamed branches.
  * Sped up view branch construction by 50%.
  * info, enableremotemote, renameremote: Avoid a confusing message when more
    than one repository matches the user provided name.
  * info: Exit nonzero when the input is not supported."""]]