git-annex 8.20210621 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""  * New matching options --excludesamecontent and --includesamecontent
  * When two files have the same content, and a required content expression
    matches one but not the other, dropping the latter file will fail as it
    would also remove the content of the required file.
  * drop, move, mirror: When two files have the same content, and
    different numcopies or requiredcopies values, use the higher value.
  * drop --auto: When two files have the same content, and a preferred content
    expression matches one but not the other, do not drop the content.
  * sync --content, assistant: When two unlocked files have the same
    content, and a preferred content expression matches one but not the
    other, do not drop the content. (This was already the case for locked
    files.)
  * sync --content, assistant: Fix an edge case where a file that is not
    preferred content did not get dropped.
  * filter-branch: New command, useful to produce a filtered version of the
    git-annex branch, eg when splitting a repository.
  * fromkey: Create an unlocked file when used in an adjusted branch
    where the file should be unlocked, or when configured by annex.addunlocked.
  * Fix behavior of several commands, including reinject, addurl, and rmurl
    when given an absolute path to an unlocked file, or a relative path
    that leaves and re-enters the repository.
  * smudge: Fix a case where an unlocked annexed file that annex.largefiles
    does not match could get its unchanged content checked into git,
    due to git running the smudge filter unecessarily.
  * reinject: Error out when run on a file that is not annexed, rather
    than silently skipping it.
  * assistant: Fix a crash on startup by avoiding using forkProcess.
  * init: When annex.commitmessage is set, use that message for the commit
    that creates the git-annex branch.
  * Added annex.adviceNoSshCaching config.
  * Added --size-limit option.
  * Future proof activity log parsing.
  * Fix an exponential slowdown when large numbers of duplicate files are
    being added in unlocked form."""]]