git-annex 5.20140320 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Fix zombie leak and general inneficiency when copying files to a
     local git repo.
   * Fix ssh connection caching stop method to work with openssh 6.5p1,
     which broke the old method.
   * webapp: Added a "Sync now" item to each repository's menu.
   * webapp: Use securemem for constant time auth token comparisons.
   * copy --fast --to remote: Avoid printing anything for files that
     are already believed to be present on the remote.
   * Commands that allow specifying which repository to act on using
     the repository's description will now fail when multiple repositories
     match, rather than picking a repository at random.
     (So will --in=)
   * Better workaround for problem umasks when eg, setting up ssh keys.
   * "standard" can now be used as a first-class keyword in preferred content
     expressions. For example "standard or (include=otherdir/*)"
   * groupwanted can be used in preferred content expressions.
   * vicfg: Allows editing preferred content expressions for groups.
   * Improve behavior when unable to parse a preferred content expression
     (thanks, ion).
   * metadata: Add --get
   * metadata: Support --key option (and some other ones like --all)
   * For each metadata field, there's now an automatically maintained
     "$field-lastchanged" that gives the date of the last change to that
     field. Also the "lastchanged" field for the date of the last change
     to any of a file's metadata.
   * unused: In direct mode, files that are deleted from the work tree
     and so have no content present are no longer incorrectly detected as
     unused.
   * Avoid encoding errors when using the unused log file.
   * map: Fix crash when one of the remotes of a repo is a local directory
     that does not exist, or is not a git repo.
   * repair: Improve memory usage when git fsck finds a great many broken
     objects.
   * Windows: Fix some filename encoding bugs.
   * rsync special remote: Fix slashes when used on Windows."""]]