git-annex 5.20141203 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * proxy: New command for direct mode repositories, allows bypassing
     the direct mode guard in a safe way to do all sorts of things
     including git revert, git mv, git checkout ...
   * undo: New command to undo the most recent change to a file
     or to the contents of a directory.
   * Add undo action to nautilus and konqueror integration.
   * diffdriver: New git-annex command, to make git external diff drivers
     work with annexed files.
   * pre-commit: Block partial commit of unlocked annexed file, since
     that left a typechange staged in index due to some infelicity of git's
     handling of partial commits.
   * Work around behavior change in lsof 4.88's -F output format.
   * S3: Switched to using the haskell aws library.
   * S3: No longer buffers entire files in memory when uploading without
     chunking.
   * S3: When built with a new enough version of the haskell aws library,
     supports doing multipart uploads, in order to store extremely large
     files in S3 when not using chunking.
   * Don't show "(gpg)" when decrypting the remote encryption cipher,
     since this could be taken to read that's the only time git-annex
     runs gpg, which is not the case.
   * Debian package is now maintained by Gergely Nagy.
   * Windows: Remove Alt+A keyboard shortcut, which turns out to have scope
     outside the menus.
   * Windows: Install ssh and other bundled programs to Git/cmd,
     instead of Git/bin, since the latter is not in the default msysgit PATH."""]]