git-annex 5.20140221 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * metadata: New command that can attach metadata to files.
   * --metadata can be used to limit commands to acting on files
     that have particular metadata.
   * Preferred content expressions can use metadata=field=value
     to limit them to acting on files that have particular metadata.
   * view: New command that creates and checks out a branch that provides
     a structured view of selected metadata.
   * vfilter, vadd, vpop, vcycle: New commands for operating within views.
   * pre-commit: Update metadata when committing changes to locations
     of annexed files within a view.
   * Add progress display for transfers to/from external special remotes.
   * unused: Fix to actually detect unused keys when in direct mode.
   * fsck: When run with --all or --unused, while .gitattributes
     annex.numcopies cannot be honored since it's operating on keys
     instead of files, make it honor the global numcopies setting,
     and the annex.numcopies git config setting.
   * trust, untrust, semitrust, dead: Warn when the trust level is
     overridden in .git/config.
   * glacier: Do not try to run glacier value create when an existing glacier
     remote is enabled.
   * fsck: Refuse to do anything if more than one of --incremental, --more,
     and --incremental-schedule are given, since it's not clear which option
     should win.
   * Windows webapp: Can set up box.com, Amazon S3, and rsync.net remotes
   * Windows webapp: Can create repos on removable drives.
   * Windows: Ensure HOME is set, as needed by bundled cygwin utilities."""]]