git-annex 5.20150508 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Improve behavior when a git-annex command is told to operate
     on a file that doesn't exist. It will now continue to other
     files specified after that on the command line, and only error out at
     the end.
   * S3: Enable debug logging when annex.debug or --debug is set.
   * S3: git annex info will show additional information about a S3 remote
     (endpoint, port, storage class)
   * S3: Let git annex enableremote be used, without trying to recreate
     a bucket that should already exist.
   * S3: Fix incompatability with bucket names used by hS3; the aws library
     cannot handle upper-case bucket names. git-annex now converts them to
     lower case automatically.
   * import: Check for gitignored files before moving them into the tree.
     (Needs git 1.8.4 or newer.)
   * import: Don't stop entire import when one file fails due to being
     gitignored or conflicting with something in the work tree.
   * import: Before removing a duplicate file in --deduplicate or
     --clean-duplicates mode, verify that enough copies of its content still
     exist.
   * Improve integration with KDE's file manager to work with dolphin
     version 14.12.3 while still being compatable with 4.14.2.
     Thanks, silvio.
   * assistant: Added --autostop to complement --autostart.
   * Work around wget bug #784348 which could cause it to clobber git-annex
     symlinks when downloading from ftp.
   * Support checking ftp urls for file presence.
   * Fix bogus failure of fsck --fast.
   * fsck: Ignore error recording the fsck in the activity log,
     which can happen when running fsck in a read-only repository.
     Closes: #[698559](http://bugs.debian.org/698559)
     (fsck can still need to write to the repository if it find problems,
     but a successful fsck can be done read-only)
   * Improve quvi 0.4 output parsing to handle cases wher there is no known
     filename extension. This is currently the case when using quvi with
     youtube. In this case, the extension ".m" will be used.
   * Dropped support for older versions of yesod, warp, and dbus than the ones
     in Debian Jessie.
   * Switch from the obsolete dataenc library for base64 encoding to sandi.
     (Thanks, Magnus Therning)
   * Debian's ghc now supports TH on arm! Adjust build dependencies
     to build the webapp on arm, and enable DAV support on arm. \o/
   * Adjust some other arch specific build dependencies that are now
     available on more architectures in Devian unstable.
   * Windows: Remove cygwin ssh, the newer version of which has stopped
     honoring the setting of HOME. Instead, copy msysgit's ssh into PATH.
     Note that setting up a remote ssh server using password authentication
     is known to be broken in this release on Windows.
   * Windows: Roll back to an older version of rsync from cygwin.
     The newer version has some dependency on a newer ssh from cygwin."""]]