git-annex 5.20150710 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * add: Stage symlinks the same as git add would, even if they are not a
     link to annexed content.
   * sync: When annex.autocommit=false, avoid making any commit of local
     changes, while still merging with remote to the extent possible.
   * unused: --used-refspec can now be configured to look at refs in the
     reflog. This provides a way to not consider old versions of files to be
     unused after they have reached a specified age, when the old refs in
     the reflog expire.
   * log: Fix reversion introduced in version 5.20150528 that broke this command.
   * assistant --autostart: First stop any daemons that are already running,
     which might be left over from a previous login session and so unable to
     use the ssh agent of a new login session.
   * assistant: Fix local pairing to not include newline in ssh pubkey,
     which is rejected on the other end for security reasons.
   * assistant: Fix ANNEX\_SHELL\_DIR written to ~/.ssh/authorized\_keys
     in local pairing to be the absolute path to the repository, not "."
     This was a reversion caused by the relative path changes in 5.20150113.
   * Brought back the setkey plumbing command that was removed in 2011, since
     we found a use case for it. Note that the command's syntax was changed
     for consistency.
   * bugfix: Pass --full-tree when using git ls-files to get a list of files
     on the git-annex branch, so it works when run in a subdirectory.
     This bug affected git-annex unused, and potentially also transitions
     running code and other things.
   * Support git's undocumented core.sharedRepository=2 value, which
     is equivalent to "world", and is set when a repo was created using
     git init --shared=world.
   * When building on linux, pass --as-needed to linker to avoid linking
     with unused shared libraries including libyaml.
   * import: Fix failure of cross-device import on Windows.
   * merge: Avoid creating the synced/master branch.
   * Removed support for optparse-applicative versions older than 0.10."""]]