git-annex 10.20230126 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""  * Change --metadata comparisons &lt; &gt; &lt;= and &gt;= to fall back to
    lexicographical comparisons when one or both values being compared
    are not numbers.
  * Improve handling of some .git/annex/ subdirectories being on other
    filesystems, in the bittorrent special remote, and youtube-dl
    integration, and git-annex addurl.
  * Added --anything (and --nothing). Eg, git-annex find --anything
    will list all annexed files whether or not the content is present.
    This is slightly faster and clearer than --include=* or --exclude=*
  * Speed up git-annex upgrade (from v5) and init in a repository that has
    submodules.
  * Added libgcc\_s.so.1 to the linux standalone build so pthread\_cancel
    will work.
  * Speed up initial scanning for annexed files when built
    with persistent-2.14.4.1
  * Allow initremote of additional special remotes with type=web,
    in addition to the default web special remote. When --sameas=web is used,
    these provide additional names for the web special remote, and may
    also have their own additional configuration and cost.
  * web: Add urlinclude and urlexclude configuration settings.
  * Added an optional cost= configuration to all special remotes.
  * adb: Support the remote.name.cost and remote.name.cost-command configs.
  * findkeys: New command, very similar to git-annex find but operating on
    keys.
  * move, copy: Support combining --from and --to, which will send content
    from one remote across to another remote."""]]