git-annex 5.20151019 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Fix a longstanding, but unlikely to occur bug, where dropping
     a file from a remote could race with other drops of the same file,
     and result in all copies of its content being lost.
   * git-annex-shell: Added lockcontent command, to prevent dropping of
     a key's content. This is necessary due to the above bugfix.
   * In some cases, the above bugfix changes what git-annex allows you to
     drop:
     - When a file is present in several special remotes,
       but not in any accessible git repositories, dropping it from one of
       the special remotes will now fail. Instead, the file has to be
       moved from one of the special remotes to the git repository, and can
       then safely be dropped from the git repository.
     - If a git remote has too old a version of git-annex-shell installed,
       git-annex won't trust it to hold onto a copy of a file when dropping
       that file from the local git repository.
   * Changed drop ordering when using git annex sync --content or the
     assistant, to drop from remotes first and from the local repo last.
     This works better with the behavior changes to drop in many cases.
   * Do verification of checksums of annex objects downloaded from remotes.
   * When annex objects are received into git repositories from other git
     repos, their checksums are verified then too.
   * To get the old, faster, behavior of not verifying checksums, set
     annex.verify=false, or remote.&lt;name&gt;.annex-verify=false.
   * setkey, rekey: These commands also now verify that the provided file
     matches the expected checksum of the key, unless annex.verify=false.
   * reinject: Already verified content; this can now be disabled by
     setting annex.verify=false.
   * sync, merge, assistant: When git merge failed for a reason other
     than a conflicted merge, such as a crippled filesystem not allowing
     particular characters in filenames, git-annex would make a merge commit
     that could omit such files or otherwise be bad. Fixed by aborting the
     whole merge process when git merge fails for any reason other than a
     merge conflict.
   * Allow building with S3 disabled again.
   * Ported disk free space checking code to work on Solaris.
   * Windows webapp: Fix support for entering password when setting
     up a ssh remote.
   * copy --auto was checking the wrong repo's preferred content.
     (--from was checking what --to should, and vice-versa.)
     Fixed this bug, which was introduced in version 5.20150727.
   * Avoid unncessary write to the location log when a file is unlocked
     and then added back with unchanged content.
   * S3: Fix support for using https.
   * Avoid displaying network transport warning when a ssh remote
     does not yet have an annex.uuid set.
   * Debian: Add torrent library to build-depends as it's packaged now,
     and stop recommending bittornado | bittorrent.
   * Debian: Remove build dependency on transformers library, as it is now
     included in ghc.
   * Debian: Remove menu file, since a desktop file is provided and
     lintian says there can be only one."""]]