git-annex 4.20130802~bpo70+1 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Wheezy backport: Fix build dependency on libghc-network-protocol-xmpp-dev
     (allow the version in wheezy to be used, despite it being a bit buggy).
   * dropunused behavior change: Now refuses to drop the last copy of a
     file, unless you use the --force.
     This was the last place in git-annex that could remove data referred
     to by the git history, without being forced.
     Like drop, dropunused checks remotes, and honors the global
     annex.numcopies setting. (However, .gitattributes settings cannot
     apply to unused files.)
   * Fix inverted logic in last release's fix for data loss bug,
     that caused git-annex sync on FAT or other crippled filesystems to add
     symlink standin files to the annex.
   * importfeed can be used to import files from podcast feeds.
   * webapp: When setting up a dedicated ssh key to access the annex
     on a host, set IdentitiesOnly to prevent the ssh-agent from forcing
     use of a different ssh key. That could result in unncessary password
     prompts, or prevent git-annex-shell from being run on the remote host.
   * webapp: Improve handling of remotes whose setup has stalled.
   * Add status message to XMPP presence tag, to identify to others that
     the client is a git-annex client. Closes: #[717652](http://bugs.debian.org/717652)
   * webapp: When creating a repository on a removable drive, set
     core.fsyncobjectfiles, to help prevent data loss when the drive is yanked.
   * Always build with -threaded, to avoid a deadlock when communicating with
     gpg.
   * unused: No longer shows as unused tmp files that are actively being
     transferred.
   * assistant: Fix NetWatcher to not sync with remotes that have
     remote.&lt;name&gt;.annex-sync set to false.
   * assistant: Fix deadlock that could occur when adding a lot of files
     at once in indirect mode.
   * assistant: Fix bug that caused it to stall when adding a very large
     number of files at once (around 5 thousand).
   * OSX: Make git-annex-webapp run in the background, so that the app icon
     can be clicked on the open a new webapp when the assistant is already
     running.
   * Improve test suite on Windows; now tests git annex sync.
   * Fix a few bugs involving filenames that are at or near the filesystem's
     maximum filename length limit.
   * find: Avoid polluting stdout with progress messages. Closes: #[718186](http://bugs.debian.org/718186)
   * Escape ':' in file/directory names to avoid it being treated
     as a pathspec by some git commands. Closes: #[718185](http://bugs.debian.org/718185)
   * Slow and ugly work around for bug #718517 in git 1.8.4~rc0, which broke
     git-cat-file --batch for filenames containing spaces.
     (Will be reverted after next git pre-release fixes the problem.)"""]]