git-annex 4.20130827 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Youtube support! (And 53 other video hosts). When quvi is installed,
     git-annex addurl automatically uses it to detect when an page is
     a video, and downloads the video file.
   * web special remote: Also support using quvi, for getting files,
     or checking if files exist in the web.
   * unused: Is now a minimum of 30 times faster, and typically many
     more times than that (when a repository has several branches).
     (Thanks, guilhem for the patch.)
   * unused: Fix bugs in two edge cases involving manually staged changes.
     (Thanks, guilhem for the patch.)
   * Android: Fix bug in terminal app that caused it to spin using much
     CPU and battery. This problem was introduced in version 4.20130601.
   * sync, merge: Bug fix: Don't try to merge into master when in a bare repo.
   * import: Add options to control handling of duplicate files:
     --duplicate, --deduplicate, and --clean-duplicates
   * mirror: New command, makes two repositories contain the same set of files.
   * Set --clobber when running wget to ensure resuming works properly.
   * Unescape characters in 'file://...' URIs. (Thanks, guilhem for the patch.)
   * Better error message when trying to use a git remote that has annex.ignore
     set.
   * Fix bug that caused typechanged symlinks to be assumed to be unlocked
     files, so they were added to the annex by the pre-commit hook.
   * Debian: Run the builtin test suite as an autopkgtest.
   * Debian: Recommend ssh-askpass, which ssh will use when the assistant
     is run w/o a tty. Closes: #[719832](http://bugs.debian.org/719832)"""]]