git-annex 5.20140306 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * sync: Fix bug in direct mode that caused a file that was not
     checked into git to be deleted when there was a conflicting
     merge with a remote.
   * webapp: Now supports HTTPS.
   * webapp: No longer supports a port specified after --listen, since
     it was buggy, and that use case is better supported by setting up HTTPS.
   * annex.listen can be configured, instead of using --listen
   * annex.startupscan can be set to false to disable the assistant's startup
     scan.
   * Probe for quvi version at run time.
   * webapp: Filter out from Switch Repository list any
     repositories listed in autostart file that don't have a
     git directory anymore. (Or are bare)
   * webapp: Refuse to start in a bare git repository.
   * assistant --autostart: Refuse to start in a bare git repository.
   * webapp: Don't list the public repository group when editing a
     git repository; it only makes sense for special remotes.
   * view, vfilter: Add support for filtering tags and values out of a view,
     using !tag and field!=value.
   * vadd: Allow listing multiple desired values for a field.
   * view: Refuse to enter a view when no branch is currently checked out.
   * metadata: To only set a field when it's not already got a value, use
     -s field?=value
   * Run .git/hooks/pre-commit-annex whenever a commit is made.
   * sync: Automatically resolve merge conflict between and annexed file
     and a regular git file.
   * glacier: Pass --region to glacier checkpresent.
   * webdav: When built with a new enough haskell DAV (0.6), disable
     the http response timeout, which was only 5 seconds.
   * webapp: Include no-pty in ssh authorized\_keys lines.
   * assistant: Smarter log file rotation, which takes free disk space
     into account."""]]