git-annex 5.20140421 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * assistant: Now detects immediately when other repositories push
     changes to a ssh remote, and pulls.
     ** XMPP is no longer needed in this configuration! **
     This requires the remote server have git-annex-shell with
     notifychanges support (&gt;= 5.20140405)
   * webapp: Show a network signal icon next to ssh and xmpp remotes that
     it's currently connected with.
   * webapp: Rework xmpp nudge to prompt for either xmpp or a ssh remote
     to be set up.
   * sync, assistant, remotedaemon: Use ssh connection caching for git pushes
     and pulls.
   * remotedaemon: When network connection is lost, close all cached ssh
     connections.
   * Improve handling of monthly/yearly scheduling.
   * Avoid depending on shakespeare except for when building the webapp.
   * uninit: Avoid making unncessary copies of files.
   * info: Allow use in a repository where annex.uuid is not set.
   * reinit: New command that can initialize a new repository using
     the configuration of a previously known repository.
     Useful if a repository got deleted and you want
     to clone it back the way it was.
   * drop --from: When local repository is untrusted, its copy of a file does
     not count.
   * Bring back rsync -p, but only when git-annex is running on a non-crippled
     file system. This is a better approach to fix #700282 while not
     unncessarily losing file permissions on non-crippled systems.
   * webapp: Start even if the current directory is listed in
     ~/.config/git-annex/autostart but no longer has a git repository in it.
   * findref: New command, like find but shows files in a specified git ref.
   * webapp: Fix UI for removing XMPP connection.
   * When init detects that git is not configured to commit, and sets
     user.email to work around the problem, also make it set user.name.
   * webapp: Support using git-annex on a remote server, which was installed
     from the standalone tarball or OSX app, and so does not have
     git-annex in PATH (and may also not have git or rsync in PATH).
   * standalone tarball, OSX app: Install a ~/.ssh/git-annex-wrapper, which
     can be used to run git-annex, git, rsync, etc."""]]