News for git-annex 3.20120123:

   There was a bug in the handling of directory special remotes that
   could cause partial file contents to be stored in them. If you use
   a directory special remote, you should fsck it, to avoid potential
   data loss.
   Example: git annex fsck --from mydirectory

git-annex 3.20120123 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * fsck --from: Fscking a remote is now supported. It's done by retrieving
     the contents of the specified files from the remote, and checking them,
     so can be an expensive operation. Still, if the remote is a special
     remote, or a git repository that you cannot run fsck in locally, it's
     nice to have the ability to fsck it.
   * If you have any directory special remotes, now would be a good time to
     fsck them, in case you were hit by the data loss bug fixed in the
     previous release!
   * fsck --from remote --fast: Avoids expensive file transfers, at the
     expense of not checking file size and/or contents.
   * Ssh connection caching is now enabled automatically by git-annex.
     Only one ssh connection is made to each host per git-annex run, which
     can speed some things up a lot, as well as avoiding repeated password
     prompts. Concurrent git-annex processes also share ssh connections.
     Cached ssh connections are shut down when git-annex exits.
   * To disable the ssh caching (if for example you have your own broader
     ssh caching configuration), set annex.sshcaching=false."""]]