News for git-annex 4.20131002:

    The layout of gcrypt repositories has changed, and
    if you created one you must manually upgrade it.
    See /usr/share/doc/git-annex/html/upgrades/gcrypt.html

git-annex 4.20131002 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Note that the layout of gcrypt repositories has changed, and
     if you created one you must manually upgrade it.
     See http://git-annex.branchable.com/upgrades/gcrypt/
   * webapp: Support setting up and using encrypted git repositories on
     any ssh server, as well as on rsync.net.
   * git-annex-shell: Added support for operating inside gcrypt repositories.
   * Disable receive.denyNonFastForwards when setting up a gcrypt special
     remote, since gcrypt needs to be able to fast-forward the master branch.
   * import: Preserve top-level directory structure.
   * Use cryptohash rather than SHA for hashing when no external hash program
     is available. This is a significant speedup for SHA256 on OSX, for
     example.
   * Added SKEIN256 and SKEIN512 backends.
   * Android build redone from scratch, many dependencies updated,
     and entire build can now be done using provided scripts.
   * assistant: Clear the list of failed transfers when doing a full transfer
     scan. This prevents repeated retries to download files that are not
     available, or are not referenced by the current git tree.
   * indirect, direct: Better behavior when a file is not owned by
     the user running the conversion.
   * add, import, assistant: Better preserve the mtime of symlinks,
     when when adding content that gets deduplicated.
   * Send a git-annex user-agent when downloading urls.
     Overridable with --user-agent option.
     (Not yet done for S3 or WebDAV due to limitations of libraries used.)
   * webapp: Fixed a bug where when a new remote is added, one file
     may fail to sync to or from it due to the transferrer process not
     yet knowing about the new remote.
   * OSX: Bundled gpg upgraded, now compatible with config files
     written by MacGPG.
   * assistant: More robust inotify handling; avoid crashing if a directory
     cannot be read.
   * Moved list of backends and remote types from status to version
     command."""]]