git-annex 6.20160923 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Rate limit console progress display updates to 10 per second.
     Was updating as frequently as changes were reported, up to hundreds of
     times per second, which used unncessary bandwidth when running git-annex
     over ssh etc.
   * Make --json and --quiet work when used with -J.
     Previously, -J override the other options.
   * addurl, get: Added --json-progress option, which adds progress
     objects to the json output.
   * Remove key:null from git-annex add --json output.
   * copy, move, mirror: Support --json and --json-progress.
   * Improve gpg secret key list parser to deal with changes in gpg 2.1.15.
     Fixes key name display in webapp.
   * info: Support being passed a treeish, and show info about the annexed
     files in it similar to how a directory is handled.
   * sync: Previously, when run in a branch with a slash in its name,
     such as "foo/bar", the sync branch was "synced/bar". That conflicted
     with the sync branch used for branch "bar", so has been changed to
     "synced/foo/bar".
   * Note that if you're using an old version of git-annex to sync with
     a branch with a slash in its name, it won't see some changes synced by
     this version, and this version won't see some changes synced by the older
     version. This is not a problem if there's a central bare repository,
     but may impact other configurations until git-annex is upgraded to this
     version.
   * adjust: Previously, when adjusting a branch with a slash in its name,
     such as "foo/bar", the adjusted branch was "adjusted/bar(unlocked)".
     That conflicted with the adjusted branch used for branch "bar",
     so has been changed to "adjusted/foo/bar(unlocked)"
   * Also, running sync in an adjusted branch did not correctly sync
     changes back to the parent branch when it had a slash in its name.
     This bug has been fixed.
   * addurl, importfeed: Improve behavior when file being added is gitignored."""]]