git-annex 5.20140210 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * --in can now refer to files that were located in a repository at
     some past date. For example, --in="here@{yesterday}"
   * Fixed direct mode annexed content locking code, which is used to
     guard against recursive file drops.
   * This is the first beta-level release of the Windows port with important
     fixes (see below).
     (The webapp and assistant are still alpha-level on Windows.)
   * sync --content: Honor annex-ignore configuration.
   * sync: Don't try to sync with xmpp remotes, which are only currently
     supported when using the assistant.
   * sync --content: Re-pull from remotes after downloading content,
     since that can take a while and other changes may be pushed in the
     meantime.
   * sync --content: Reuse smart copy code from copy command, including
     handling and repairing out of date location tracking info.
     Closes: #[737480](http://bugs.debian.org/737480)
   * sync --content: Drop files from remotes that don't want them after
     getting them.
   * sync: Fix bug in automatic merge conflict resolution code when used
     on a filesystem not supporting symlinks, which resulted in it losing
     track of the symlink bit of annexed files.
   * Added ways to configure rsync options to be used only when uploading
     or downloading from a remote. Useful to eg limit upload bandwidth.
   * Fix initremote with encryption=pubkey to work with S3, glacier, webdav,
     and external special remotes.
   * Avoid building with DAV 0.6 which is badly broken (see #737902).
   * Fix dropping of unused keys with spaces in their name.
   * Fix build on platforms not supporting the webapp.
   * Document in man page that sshcaching uses ssh ControlMaster.
     Closes: #[737476](http://bugs.debian.org/737476)
   * Windows: It's now safe to run multiple git-annex processes concurrently
     on Windows; the lock files have been sorted out.
   * Windows: Avoid using unix-compat's rename, which refuses to rename
     directories.
   * Windows: Fix deletion of repositories by test suite and webapp.
   * Windows: Test suite 100% passes again.
   * Windows: Fix bug in symlink calculation code.
   * Windows: Fix handling of absolute unix-style git repository paths.
   * Android: Avoid crashing when unable to set file mode for ssh config file
     due to Android filesystem horribleness."""]]