git-annex 5.20140107 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * mirror: Support --all (and --unused).
   * external special remote protocol: Added GETUUID, GETWANTED, SETWANTED,
     SETSTATE, GETSTATE, DEBUG.
   * Windows: Fix bug in direct mode merge code that could cause files
     in subdirectories to go missing.
   * Windows: Avoid eating stdin when running ssh to add a authorized key,
     since this is used for password prompting.
   * Avoid looping if long-running git cat-file or git hash-object crashes
     and keeps crashing when restarted.
   * Assistant: Remove stale MERGE\_HEAD files in lockfile cleanup.
   * Remotes can now be made read-only, by setting remote.&lt;name&gt;.annex-readonly
   * wanted, schedule: Avoid printing "ok" after requested value.
   * assistant: Ensure that .ssh/config and .ssh/authorized\_keys are not
     group or world writable when writing to those files, as that can make
     ssh refuse to use them, if it allows another user to write to them.
   * addurl, importfeed: Honor annex.diskreserve as long as the size of the
     url can be checked.
   * add: Fix rollback when disk is completely full.
   * assistant: Fixed several minor memory leaks that manifested when
     adding a large number of files.
   * assistant: Start a new git-annex transferkeys process
     after a network connection change, so that remotes that use a persistent
     network connection are restarted.
   * Adjust Debian build deps to match current state of sparc, mipsel."""]]