git-annex 10.20220127 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""  * New v10 repository version (with v9 as a stepping-stone to it).
    v8 remains the default version for now.
  * In v10, object files are locked using separate lock files. This allows
    the object files to be kept non-writable even in repositories where
    core.sharedRepository is set.
  * The v10 upgrade will happen automatically, one year after the v9
    upgrade, in order to allow time for any old git-annex processes that
    are not aware of the locking change to finish. Or git-annex upgrade
    can be used to upgrade to v10 immediately.
  * In v9 upgrade, set filter.annex.process. This makes git add/checkout faster
    when there are a lot of unlocked annexed files or non-annexed files, but can
    also make git add of large files to the annex somewhat slower.
    If this tradeoff does not work for your use case, you can still unset
    filter.annex.process.
  * export: When a non-annexed symlink is in the tree to be exported, skip it.
  * import: When the previously exported tree contained a non-annexed symlink,
    preserve it in the imported tree so it does not get deleted.
  * enableremote, renameremote: Better handling of the unusual case where
    multiple special remotes have been initialized with the same name.
  * Recover from corrupted content being received from a git remote,
    by deleting the temporary file when it fails to verify. This prevents
    a retry from failing again.
    (reversion introduced in version 8.20210903)
  * adb: Added ignorefinderror configuration parameter.
  * Avoid crashing when run in a bare git repo that somehow contains an
    index file.
  * Reject combinations of --batch (or --batch-keys) with options like
    --all or --key or with filenames."""]]