git-annex 7.20191009 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Fix bug in handling of annex.largefiles that use largerthan/smallerthan.
     When adding a modified file, it incorrectly used the file size of the
     old version of the file, not the current size.
   * Added --mimetype and --mimeencoding file matching options.
   * Added --unlocked and --locked file matching options.
   * Added adjust --lock, to enter an adjusted branch where files are locked.
   * git-lfs: Added support for http basic auth.
   * git-lfs: Only do endpoint discovery once when concurrency is enabled.
   * fsck --incremental/--more: Fix bug that prevented the incremental fsck
     information from being updated every 5 minutes as it was supposed to be;
     it was only updated after 1000 files were checked, which may be more
     files that are possible to fsck in a given fsck time window.
     Thanks to Peter Simons for help with analysis of this bug.
   * Test: Use more robust directory removal when built with directory-1.2.7.
   * Close sqlite databases more robustly.
   * remotedaemon: Don't list --stop in help since it's not supported.
   * enable-tor: Run kdesu with -c option.
   * enable-tor: Use pkexec to run command as root when gksu and kdesu are not
     available.
   * When dropping an unlocked file, preserve its mtime, which avoids
     git status unncessarily running the clean filter on the file.
   * uninit: Remove several git hooks that git-annex init sets up.
   * uninit: Remove the smudge and clean filters that git-annex init sets up.
   * Work around git cat-file --batch's odd stripping of carriage return
     from the end of the line (some windows infection), avoiding crashing
     when the repo contains a filename ending in a carriage return.
   * git-annex-standalone.rpm: Fix the git-annex-shell symlink."""]]