git-annex 5.20150205 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * info: Can now display info about a given uuid.
   * Added to remote/uuid info: Count of the number of keys present
     on the remote, and their size. This is rather expensive to calculate,
     so comes last and --fast will disable it.
   * info remote: Include the date of the last sync with the remote.
   * sync: Added --message/-m option like git commit.
   * remotedaemon: Fix problem that could prevent ssh connections being
     made after two LOSTNET messages were received in a row (perhaps due to
     two different network interfaces being brought down).
   * Fix build failure when wget is not installed.
   * Fix wording of message displayed when unable to get a file that
     is available in untrusted repositories.
   * addurl: When a Content-Disposition header suggests a filename to use,
     addurl will consider using it, if it's reasonable and doesn't conflict
     with an existing file. (--file overrides this)
   * Fix default repository description created by git annex init,
     which got broken by the relative path changes in the last release.
   * init: Repository tuning parameters can now be passed when initializing a
     repository for the first time. For details, see
     http://git-annex.branchable.com/tuning/
   * merge: Refuse to merge changes from a git-annex branch of a repo
     that has been tuned in incompatible ways.
   * Support annex.tune.objecthash1, annex.tune.objecthashlower, and
     annex.tune.branchhash1.
   * Remove support for building without cryptohash.
   * Added MD5 and MD5E backends.
   * assistant: Fix local pairing when ssh pubkey comment contains spaces.
   * Avoid using fileSize which maxes out at just 2 gb on Windows.
     Instead, use hFileSize, which doesn't have a bounded size.
     Fixes support for files &gt; 2 gb on Windows.
   * Windows: Fix running of the pre-commit-annex hook.
   * Windows: Fix S3 special remote; need to call withSocketsDo. Thanks, Trent."""]]