git-annex 6.20180227 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * inprogress: Avoid showing failures for files not in progress.
   * Added INFO to external special remote protocol.
   * Added EXTENSIONS to external special remote protocol.
   * datalad &lt; 0.9.1 had a problem in its special remote protocol handling
     which is broken by EXTENSIONS. Make the debian git-annex package
     conflict with the problem version of datalad.
   * fsck: Warn when required content is not present in the repository that
     requires it.
   * Add gpg-agent to Build-Depends.
     Needed to run the test suite.
   * --json: When there are multiple lines of notes about a file, make the note
     field multiline, rather than the old behavior of only including the
     last line.
   * git-annex.cabal: Once more try to not build the assistant on the hurd,
     hopefully hackage finally recognises that OS.
   * Split Test.hs and avoid optimising it much, to need less memory to
     compile.
   * Fix behavior of --json-progress followed by --json, the latter option
     used to disable the former.
   * Added --json-error-messages option, which makes messages
     that would normally be output to standard error be included in
     the json output.
   * Remove temporary code added in 6.20160619 to prime the mergedrefs
     log.
   * importfeed: Fix a failure when downloading with youtube-dl
     and the destination subdirectory does not exist yet.
   * Added annex.merge-annex-branches config setting which
     can be used to disable automatic merge of git-annex branches.
   * tips/automatically\_adding\_metadata/pre-commit-annex: Fix to not
     silently skip filenames containing non-ascii characters.
   * sync: Fix bug that prevented pulling changes into direct mode
     repositories that were committed to remotes using git commit
     rather than git-annex sync.
   * Makefile: Remove chrpath workaround for bug in cabal,
     which is no longer needed."""]]