git-annex 10.20250828 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""  * p2p: Added --enable option, which can be used to enable P2P networks
    provided by external commands git-annex-p2p-&lt;netname&gt;
  * Added git-remote-p2p-annex, which allows git pull and push to
    P2P networks provided by commands git-annex-p2p-&lt;netname&gt;
  * S3: Default to signature=v4 when using an AWS endpoint, since some
    AWS regions need v4 and all support it. When host= is used to specify
    a different S3 host, the default remains signature=v2.
  * webapp: Support setting up S3 buckets in regions that need v4
    signatures.
  * S3: When initremote is given the name of a bucket that already exists,
    automatically set datacenter to the right value, rather than needing it
    to be explicitly set.
  * info: Added --show option to pick which parts of the info to calculate
    and display.
  * Improve behavior when there are special remotes configured with
    autoenable=yes with names that conflict with other remotes.
  * adjust: When another branch has been manually merged into the adjusted
    branch, re-adjusting errors out, rather than losing that merge commit.
  * sync: When another branch has been manually merged into an adjusted
    branch, error out rather than only displaying a warning.
  * initremote: New onlyencryptcreds=yes which can be used along with
    embedcreds=yes, to only encrypt the embedded creds, without encrypting
    the content of the special remote. Useful for exporttree/importtree
    remotes.
  * Don't allow the type of encryption of an existing special remote to be
    changed. Fixes reversion introduced in version 7.20191230.
  * tahoe: Support tahoe-lafs command versions newer than 1.16.
  * tahoe: Fix bug that made initremote require an encryption= parameter,
    despite git-annex encryption not being used with this special remote.
    Fixes reversion introduced in version 7.20191230.
  * Improved error message when yt-dlp is not installed and is needed to
    get a file from the web.
  * The annex.youtube-dl-command git config is no longer used, git-annex
    always runs the yt-dlp command, rather than the old youtube-dl command.
  * Removed support for git versions older than 2.22.
  * Bump aws build dependency to 0.24.1.
  * stack.yaml: Update to lts-24.2."""]]