git-annex 8.20201007 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * --json output now includes a new field "input" which is the input
     value (filename, url, etc) that caused a json object to be output.
   * --batch combined with -J now runs batch requests concurrently for many
     commands. Before, the combination was accepted, but did not enable
     concurrency. Since the output of batch requests can be in any order,
     --json with the new "input" field is recommended to be used,
     to determine which batch request each response corresponds to.
   * aws-0.22 improved its support for setting etags, which improves
     support for versioned S3 buckets.
   * Serialize use of C magic library, which is not thread safe.
     This fixes failures uploading to S3 when using -J.
   * add, addurl, importfeed, import: Added --no-check-gitignore option
     for finer grained control than using --force.
   * import: Check gitignores when importing trees from special remotes.
   * addunused: Don't check .gitignores when adding files.
   * Improve the "Try making some of these repositories available"
     message, with some hints for the user for what to do.
   * Improve --debug output to show pid of processes that are started and
     stopped.
   * sync --all: Sped up seeking to around twice as fast, by avoiding a
     pass over the worktree files when preferred content expressions of the
     local repo and remotes don't use include=/exclude=.
   * Sped up seeking for files to operate on, when using options like
     --copies or --in, by around 20%
   * import --no-content: Check annex.largefiles, and import small
     files into git, the same as is done when importing with content.
     If the largefiles expression needs the file content available
     (due to mimetype or mimeencoding being used), the import will fail.
   * sync: When run without --content, import without copying from
     importtree=yes directory special remotes.
     (Other special remotes may support this later as well.)
   * addurl: Avoid a redundant git ignores check for speed.
   * upgrade: Avoid an upgrade failure of a bare repo in unusual circumstances.
   * httpalso: Support being used with special remotes that do not have
     encryption= in their config.
   * Parse youtube-dl progress output, which lets progress be displayed
     when doing concurrent downloads.
   * Fix build with Benchmark build flag.
   * Enable building with git-annex benchmark by default, only turning it
     off when the criterion library is not installed.
   * runshell: Fix a edge case where rm errors were sent to stdout, which
     could confuse things parsing git-annex output.
   * runshell: Update files atomically when preparing to run git-annex.
   * Fix a build failure on Windows."""]]