git-annex 6.20160211 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * annex.addsmallfiles: New option controlling what is done when
     adding files not matching annex.largefiles.
   * Fix reversion in lookupkey, contentlocation, and examinekey which
     caused them to sometimes output side messages.
   * webapp: Fix deletion of current repository directory.
   * Added "nothing" to preferred content expression syntax.
   * annex.largefiles can be configured in .gitattributes too;
     this is particulary useful for v6 repositories, since the
     .gitattributes configuration will apply in all clones of the
     repository.
   * Limit annex.largefiles parsing to the subset of preferred content
     expressions that make sense in its context. So, not "standard"
     or "lackingcopies", etc.
   * annex.largefiles: Add support for mimetype=text/* etc, when git-annex
     is linked with libmagic.
   * matchexpression: Added --largefiles option to parse an annex.largefiles
     expression.
   * Brought back the dbus and xmpp build flags, so build from source can be
     done without C libraries that may be hard to install.
   * init: Fix bugs in submodule .git symlink fixup, that occurred when
     initializing in a subdirectory of a submodule and a submodule of a
     submodule.
   * WebDAV: Set depth 1 in PROPFIND request, for better compatibility with
     some servers. Thanks, wzhd.
   * WebDAV: Remove a bogus trailing slash from the end of the url to the
     temporary store location for a key. Thanks, wzhd.
   * S3: Allow configuring with requeststyle=path to use path-style bucket
     access instead of the default DNS-style access."""]]