git-annex 4.20130501 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * sync, assistant: Behavior changes: Sync with remotes that have
     annex-ignore set, so that git remotes on servers without git-annex
     installed can be used to keep clients' git repos in sync.
   * assistant: Work around misfeature in git 1.8.2 that makes
     `git commit --alow-empty -m ""` run an editor.
   * sync: Bug fix, avoid adding to the annex the
     dummy symlinks used on crippled filesystems.
   * Add public repository group.
     (And inpreferreddir to preferred content expressions.)
   * webapp: Can now set up Internet Archive repositories.
   * S3: Dropping content from the Internet Archive doesn't work, but
     their API indicates it does. Always refuse to drop from there.
   * Automatically register public urls for files uploaded to the
     Internet Archive.
   * To enable an existing special remote, the new enableremote command
     must be used. The initremote command now is used only to create
     new special remotes.
   * initremote: If two existing remotes have the same name,
     prefer the one with a higher trust level.
   * assistant: Improved XMPP protocol to better support multiple repositories
     using the same XMPP account. Fixes bad behavior when sharing with a friend
     when you or the friend have multiple reposotories on an XMPP account.
     Note that XMPP pairing with your own devices still pairs with all
     repositories using your XMPP account.
   * assistant: Fix bug that could cause incoming pushes to not get
     merged into the local tree. Particularly affected XMPP pushes.
   * webapp: Display some additional information about a repository on
     its edit page.
   * webapp: Install FDO desktop menu file when started in standalone mode.
   * webapp: Don't default to making repository in cwd when started
     from within a directory containing a git-annex file (eg, standalone
     tarball directory).
   * Detect systems that have no user name set in GECOS, and also
     don't have user.name set in git config, and put in a workaround
     so that commits to the git-annex branch (and the assistant)
     will still succeed despite git not liking the system configuration.
   * webapp: When told to add a git repository on a remote server, and
     the repository already exists as a non-bare repository, use it,
     rather than initializing a bare repository in the same directory.
   * direct, indirect: Refuse to do anything when the assistant
     or git-annex watch daemon is running.
   * assistant: When built with git before 1.8.0, use `git remote rm`
     to delete a remote. Newer git uses `git remote remove`.
   * rmurl: New command, removes one of the recorded urls for a file.
   * Detect when the remote is broken like bitbucket is, and exits 0 when
     it fails to run git-annex-shell.
   * assistant: Several improvements to performance and behavior when
     performing bulk adds of a large number of files (tens to hundreds
     of thousands).
   * assistant: Sanitize XMPP presence information logged for debugging.
   * webapp: Now automatically fills in any creds used by an existing remote
     when creating a new remote of the same type. Done for Internet Archive,
     S3, Glacier, and Box.com remotes.
   * Store an annex-uuid file in the bucket when setting up a new S3 remote.
   * Support building with DAV 0.4."""]]