git-annex 7.20190122 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * sync --content: Fix dropping unwanted content from the local repository.
   * sync --content: Support dropping local content that has reached an
     exporttree remote that is not untrusted (currently only S3 remotes
     with versioning).
   * init: When --version=5 is passed on a crippled filesystem,
     use a v5 direct mode repo as requested, rather than upgrading to v7
     adjusted unlocked. (Fixes test suite on crippled filesystems.)
   * Some optimisations, including a 10x faster timestamp parser,
     a 7x faster key parser, and improved parsing and serialization of
     git-annex branch data. Many commands will run 5-15% faster.
   * Stricter parser for keys doesn't allow doubled fields or out of order fields.
   * The benchmark command, which only had some old benchmarking of the sqlite
     databases before, now allows benchmarking any other git-annex commands.
   * Support being built with ghc 8.6.3 (MonadFail).
   * Removed old code that cleaned up after a bug in git-annex versions
     3.20111105-3.20111110. In the unlikely event that a repo was
     last touched by that ancient git-annex version, the descriptions
     of remotes would appear missing when used with this version of
     git-annex.
   * Improve uuid.log parser to preserve whitespace in repo descriptions.
   * Improve activity.log parser to not remove unknown values,
     allowing for future expansion.
   * addunused, merge, assistant: Avoid creating work tree files in
     subdirectories in an edge case where the key contains "/".
   * testremote: Support testing readonly remotes with the --test-readonly option.
   * Switch to using .git/annex/othertmp for tmp files other than partial
     downloads, and make stale files left in that directory when git-annex
     is interrupted be cleaned up promptly by subsequent git-annex processes.
   * The .git/annex/misctmp directory is no longer used and git-annex will
     delete anything lingering in there after it's 1 week old.
   * Estimated time to completion display shortened from eg "1h1m1s" to "1h1m".
   * Fix doubled progress display when downloading an url when -J is used.
   * unused: Update suggested git log message to see where data was previously
     used so it will also work with v7 unlocked pointer files.
   * importfeed: Better error message when downloading the feed fails.
   * Make test suite work better when the temp directory is on NFS.
   * webapp: Remove configurator for box.com repository, since their
     webdav support is going away at the end of this January.
   * webapp: Remove configurator for gitlab, which stopped supporting git-annex
     some time ago.
   * Android: For armv71 architecture, use the armel build.
   * Windows: If 64 bit git is installed, use it when installing git-annex.
     (However, rsync still won't work and this is still not the documented way
     to install it.)"""]]