git-annex 6.20170510 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * When a http remote does not expose an annex.uuid config, only warn
     about it once, not every time git-annex is run.
   * multicast: New command, uses uftp to multicast annexed files, for eg
     a classroom setting.
   * Added remote.&lt;name&gt;.annex-push and remote.&lt;name&gt;.annex-pull
     which can be useful to make remotes that don't get fully synced with
     local changes.
   * Disable git-annex's support for GIT\_SSH and GIT\_SSH\_COMMAND, unless
     GIT\_ANNEX\_USE\_GIT\_SSH=1 is also set in the environment. This is
     necessary because as feared, the extra -n parameter that git-annex
     passes breaks uses of these environment variables that expect exactly
     the parameters that git passes.
   * enableremote: When enabling a non-special remote, param=value
     parameters can't be used, so error out if any are provided.
   * enableremote: Fix re-enabling of special remotes that have a git
     url, so that eg, encryption key changes take effect. They were silently
     ignored, a reversion introduced in 6.20160527.
   * gcrypt: Support re-enabling to change eg, encryption parameters.
     This was never supported before.
   * git annex add -u now supported, analagous to git add -u
   * version: Added "dependency versions" line.
   * Keys marked as dead are now skipped by --all.
   * annex.backend is the new name for what was annex.backends, and takes
     a single key-value backend, rather than the unncessary and confusing
     list. The old option still works if set."""]]