git-annex 6.20160527 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Split lines in the git-annex branch on \r as well as \n, to deal
     with \r\n terminated lines written by some versions of git-annex on
     Windows. This fixes strange displays in some cases.
   * assistant: Fix bug that caused v6 pointer files to be annexed by the
     assistant.
   * assistant: Fix race in v6 mode that caused downloaded file content to
     sometimes not replace pointer files.
   * add: Adding a v6 pointer file used to annex it; now the pointer file is
     added to git as-is. (git add of a pointer file already did the right
     thing)
   * enableremote: Can now be used to explicitly enable git-annex to use
     git remotes. Using the command this way prevents other git-annex
     commands from probing new git remotes to auto-enable them.
   * enableremote: Remove annex-ignore configuration from a remote.
   * Change git annex info remote encryption description to use wording
     closer to what's used in initremote.
   * Pass the various gnupg-options configs to gpg in several cases where
     they were not before. Most notably, gnupg-decrypt-options is now
     passed when decrypting an encrypted cipher.
   * adjust: Add --fix adjustment, which is useful when the git directory
     is in a nonstandard place.
   * adjust: If the adjusted branch already exists, avoid overwriting it,
     since it might contain changes that have not yet been propigated to the
     original branch.
   * Work around git weirdness in handling of relative path to GIT\_INDEX\_FILE
     when in a subdirectory of the repository. This affected git annex view.
   * Fix crash when entering/changing view in a subdirectory of a repo that
     has a dotfile in its root.
   * webapp: Avoid confusing display of dead remotes.
   * Support building with ghc 8.0.1.
   * Updated cabal file explicitly lists source files. The tarball
     on hackage will include only the files needed for cabal install;
     it is NOT the full git-annex source tree.
   * debian/changelog, debian/NEWS, debian/copyright: Converted to symlinks
     to CHANGELOG, NEWS, and COPYRIGHT, which used to symlink to these instead."""]]