git-annex 10.20220927 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""  * Fix a bug in the last release that caused v8 repositories to upgrade
    immediately to v10, rather than taking the scheduled 1 year to do so.
  * annex.diskreserve default increased from 1 mb to 100 mb.
  * Include the assistant and webapp when building with cabal 3.4.1.0.
  * Merged the webapp build flag into the assistant build flag.
  * Optimise linker in linux standalone tarballs.
  * Fix crash importing from a directory special remote that contains
    a broken symlink.
  * When accessing a git remote over http needs a git credential
    prompt for a password, cache it for the lifetime of the git-annex
    process, rather than repeatedly prompting.
  * Use curl for downloads from git remotes when annex.url-options is set.
  * Fix a reversion that made dead keys not be skipped when operating on
    all keys via --all or in a bare repo.
    (Introduced in version 8.20200720)
  * vicfg: Include mincopies configuration.
  * Improve handling of directory special remotes with importtree=yes whose
    ignoreinode setting has been changed. When getting a file from such a
    remote, accept the content that would have been accepted with the
    previous ignoreinode setting.
  * directory, adb: Fixed a bug with importtree=yes and multiple files
    in the special remote have the same content, that caused it to
    refuse to get a file from the special remote, incorrectly complaining
    that it had changed, due to only accepting the inode+mtime of one file
    (that was since modified or deleted) and not accepting the inode+mtime
    of other duplicate files.
  * Fix a reversion that prevented git-annex from working in a
    repository when --git-dir or GIT\_DIR is specified to relocate the git
    directory to somewhere else.
    (Introduced in version 10.20220525)
  * Improved handling of --time-limit when combined with -J
  * Fix updating git index file after getting an unlocked file
    when annex.stalldetection is set.
  * restage: New git-annex command, handles restaging unlocked files.
  * test: Added --test-with-git-config option.
  * Run annex.freezecontent-command and annex.thawcontent-command
    when on a crippled filesystem.
    Thanks, Reiko Asakura
  * enable-tor: Fix breakage caused by git's fix for CVE-2022-24765.
  * Let GIT\_DIR and --git-dir override git's protection against operating
    in a repository owned by another user.
  * p2p: Pass wormhole the --appid option before the receive/send command,
    as it does not accept that option after the command
  * Support "inbackend" in preferred content expressions."""]]