git-annex 8.20200908 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Added httpalso special remote, which is useful for accessing
     content stored on other remotes that is published by http.
   * The external special remote protocol got an ASYNC extension.
     This can be used by an external special remote to let a single process
     perform concurrent actions, rather than multiple processes being
     started, when that is more efficient.
   * Retry transfers to exporttree=yes remotes same as for other remotes.
   * import: Retry downloads that fail, same as is done for downloads generally.
   * Limit retrying of failed transfers when forward progress is being made
     to 5, to avoid some unusual edge cases where too much retrying could
     result in far more data transfer than makes sense.
   * Exposed annex.forward-retry git config, to configure the forward retry
     behavior that git-annex has had for a long time.
   * sync, assistant, merge: When merge.directoryRenames is not set,
     default it it to "false", which works better with automatic merge
     conflict resolution than git's ususual default of "conflict".
     (This is not done when automatic merge conflict resolution is disabled.)
   * resolvemerge: Improve cleanup of cruft left in the working tree
     by a conflicted merge.
   * Support git remotes where .git is a file, not a directory,
     eg when --separate-git-dir was used.
   * Fixed several cases where files were created without file mode bits
     that the umask would usually set. This included exports to the
     directory special remote, torrent files used by the bittorrent special
     remote, hooks written by git-annex init, and some log files in .git/annex/
   * Fix reversion in 7.20190322 that made addurl --file not be honored
     when youtube-dl was used to download media.
   * Fix reversion in 8.20200617 that made annex.pidlock being enabled
     result in some commands stalling, particularly those needing to
     autoinit.
   * Display warning when external special remote does not start up
     properly, or is not usable.
   * Display a message when git-annex has to wait for a pid lock file
     held by another process.
   * test: Stop gpg-agent daemons that are started for the test framework's
     gpg key.
   * Removed the S3 and WebDAV build flags so these special remotes are
     always supported.
   * stack.yaml: Updated to lts-16.10."""]]