git-annex 6.20160613 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Improve SHA*E extension extraction code.
   * Windows: Avoid terminating git-annex branch lines with \r\n when
     union merging and performing transitions.
   * Remove Makefile from cabal tarball; man page building is now handled by
     a small haskell program.
   * sync --content: Fix bug that caused transfers of files to be made
     to a git remote that does not have a UUID. This particularly impacted
     clones from gcrypt repositories.
   * Pass -S to git commit-tree when commit.gpgsign is set and when
     making a non-automatic commit, in order to preserve current behavior
     when used with git 2.9, which has stopped doing this itself.
   * remotedaemon: Fixed support for notifications of changes to gcrypt
     remotes, which was never tested and didn't quite work before.
   * list: Do not include dead repositories.
   * move --to: Better behavior when system is completely out of disk space;
     drop content from disk before writing location log.
   * Avoid a crash if getpwuid does not work, when querying the user's full
     name.
   * Automatically enable v6 mode when initializing in a clone from a repo
     that has an adjusted branch checked out.
   * v6: Fix initialization of a bare clone of a repo that has an adjusted
     branch checked out.
   * v6: Fix bad automatic merge conflict resolution between an annexed file
     and a directory with the same name when in an adjusted branch.
   * v6: Fix bad merge in an adjusted branch that resulted in an empty tree.
   * v6: Fix bug in initialization of clone from a repo with an adjusted branch
     that had not been synced back to master.
     (This bug caused broken tree objects to get built by a later git annex
     sync.)
   * v6: Make lock and unlock work on files whose content is not present.
   * v6: Fix update of associated files db when unlocking a file.
   * v6: Make git clean filter preserve the backend that was used for a file."""]]