git-annex 4.20131024 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * webapp: Fix bug when adding a remote and git-remote-gcrypt
     is not installed.
   * The assitant can now run scheduled incremental fsck jobs on the local
     repository and remotes. These can be configured using vicfg or with the
     webapp.
   * repair: New command, which can repair damaged git repositories
     (even ones not using git-annex).
   * webapp: When git repository damange is detected, repairs can be
     done using the webapp UI.
   * Automatically and safely detect and recover from dangling
     .git/annex/index.lock files, which would prevent git from
     committing to the git-annex branch, eg after a crash.
   * assistant: Detect stale git lock files at startup time, and remove them.
   * addurl: Better sanitization of generated filenames.
   * Better sanitization of problem characters when generating URL and WORM
     keys.
   * The control socket path passed to ssh needs to be 17 characters
     shorter than the maximum unix domain socket length, because ssh
     appends stuff to it to make a temporary filename. Closes: #[725512](http://bugs.debian.org/725512)
   * status: Fix space leak in local mode, introduced in version 4.20130920.
   * import: Skip .git directories.
   * Remove bogus runshell loop check.
   * addurl: Improve message when adding url with wrong size to existing file.
   * Fixed handling of URL keys that have no recorded size.
   * status: Fix a crash if a temp file went away while its size was
     being checked for status.
   * Deal with git check-attr -z output format change in git 1.8.5.
   * Work around sed output difference that led to version containing a newline
     on OSX.
   * sync: Fix automatic resolution of merge conflicts where one side is an
     annexed file, and the other side is a non-annexed file, or a directory.
   * S3: Try to ensure bucket name is valid for archive.org.
   * assistant: Bug fix: When run in a subdirectory, files from incoming merges
     were wrongly added to that subdirectory, and removed from their original
     locations.
   * Windows: Deal with strange msysgit 1.8.4 behavior of not understanding
     DOS formatted paths for --git-dir and --work-tree.
   * Removed workaround for bug in git 1.8.4r0.
   * Added git-recover-repository command to git-annex source
     (not built by default; this needs to move to someplace else).
   * webapp: Move sidebar to the right hand side of the screen."""]]