git-annex 10.20220822 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""  * v8 repositories now automatically upgrade to v9, which will in turn
    automatically upgrade to v10 in a year's time.
    To avoid this upgrade, you can set annex.autoupgraderepository to false.
  * Now uses v10 by default for new repositories.
  * Fix a regression in 10.20220624 that caused git-annex add to crash
    when there was an unstaged deletion.
  * Added new matching options --want-get-by and --want-drop-by.
  * Allow find --branch to be used in a bare repository, the same as
    the deprecated findref can be.
  * add --dry-run: New option.
  * import: Avoid following symbolic links inside directories being
    imported.
  * Work around bug in git 2.37 that causes a segfault
    when core.untrackedCache is set, which broke git-annex init.
  * Added annex.dbdir config which can be used to move sqlite databases
    to a different filesystem than the git-annex repo, when the repo is on
    a filesystem that sqlite does not work well in.
  * Use curl when annex.security.allowed-url-schemes includes an url
    scheme not supported by git-annex internally, as long as
    annex.security.allowed-ip-addresses is configured to allow using curl.
  * Improve output when storing to bup.
  * When bup split fails, display its stderr.
  * Avoid running multiple bup split processes concurrently, since
    bup is not concurrency safe.
  * Avoid starting an unnecessary number of git hash-object processes when
    concurrency is enabled."""]]