git-annex 8.20210330 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""  * Behavior change: When autoenabling special remotes of type S3, weddav,
    or glacier, do not take login credentials from environment variables,
    as the user may not be expecting the autoenable to happen, or may
    have those set for other purposes and not intend git-annex to use them.
  * New annex.supportunlocked config that can be set to false to avoid
    some expensive things needed to support unlocked files, if you do not
    use them.
  * Fix bug importing from a special remote into a subdirectory more than
    one level deep, which generated unusual git trees that could confuse
    git merge.
  * borg: Fix a bug that prevented importing keys of type URL and WORM.
  * borg: Support importing files that are hard linked in the borg backup.
  * export: When a submodule is in the tree to be exported, skip it.
  * import: When the previously exported tree contained a submodule,
    preserve it in the imported tree so it does not get deleted.
  * export --json: Fill in the file field.
  * rmurl: When youtube-dl was used for an url, it no longer needs to be
    prefixed with "yt:" in order to be removed.
  * rmurl: If an url is both used by the web and also claimed by another
    special remote, fix a bug that caused the url to to not be removed.
  * unregisterurl: Fix a bug that caused an url to not be unregistered
    when it is claimed by a special remote other than the web.
  * whereis: Don't include yt: prefix when showing url to content
    retrieved with youtube-dl.
  * webdav: Work around some buggy webdav server behavior involving
    renaming files.
  * Make --debug also enable debugging in child git-annex processes.
  * fsck: When --from is used in combination with --all or similar options,
    do not verify required content, which can't be checked properly when
    operating on keys.
  * Sped up git-annex init in a clone of an existing repository.
  * Improved display of errors when accessing a git http remote fails.
  * Fix build with attoparsec-0.14."""]]