git-annex 5.20140817 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * New chunk= option to chunk files stored in special remotes.
     Supported by: directory, S3, webdav, gcrypt, rsync, and all external
     and hook special remotes.
   * Partially transferred files are automatically resumed when using
     chunked remotes!
   * The old chunksize= option is deprecated. Do not use for new remotes.
   * Legacy code for directory remotes using the old chunksize= option
     will keep them working, but more slowly than before.
   * webapp: Automatically install Konqueror integration scripts
     to get and drop files.
   * repair: Removing bad objects could leave fsck finding no more
     unreachable objects, but some branches no longer accessible.
     Fix this, including support for fixing up repositories that
     were incompletely repaired before.
   * Fix cost calculation for non-encrypted remotes.
   * Display exception message when a transfer fails due to an exception.
   * WebDAV: Sped up by avoiding making multiple http connections
     when storing a file.
   * WebDAV: Avoid buffering whole file in memory when uploading and
     downloading.
   * WebDAV: Dropped support for DAV before 1.0.
   * testremote: New command to test uploads/downloads to a remote.
   * Dropping an object from a bup special remote now deletes the git branch
     for the object, although of course the object's content cannot be deleted
     due to the nature of bup.
   * unlock: Better error handling; continue past files that are not available
     or cannot be unlocked due to disk space, and try all specified files.
   * Windows: Now uses actual inode equivilants in new direct mode
     repositories, for safer detection of eg, renaming of files with the same
     size and mtime.
   * direct: Fix ugly warning messages.
   * WORM backend: When adding a file in a subdirectory, avoid including the
     subdirectory in the key name.
   * S3, Glacier, WebDAV: Fix bug that prevented accessing the creds
     when the repository was configured with encryption=shared embedcreds=yes.
   * direct: Avoid leaving file content in misctemp if interrupted.
   * git-annex-shell sendkey: Don't fail if a remote asks for a key to be sent
     that already has a transfer lock file indicating it's being sent to that
     remote. The remote may have moved between networks, or reconnected.
   * Switched from the old haskell HTTP library to http-conduit."""]]