git-annex 5.20150617 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Now supports git annex sync --all --content to sync all versions of all
     files with all repos that want them.
   * Added new "anything" preferred content expression, which matches all
     versions of all files.
   * Standard preferred content for client, backup, incremental backup,
     and unwanted groups have been adjusted to work better when used
     with git annex sync --all --content.
   * fromkey, registerurl: Improve handling of urls that happen to also
     be parsable as strange keys.
   * sync, remotedaemon: Pass configured ssh-options even when
     annex.sshcaching is disabled.
   * assistant: Consume systemd-networkd dbus events to learn about
     changes to network connections, as was already done with
     network-manager and wicd.
     Thanks to Sebastian Reuße for the patches.
   * get --incomplete: New option to resume any interrupted downloads.
   * dead --key: Can be used to mark a key as dead.
   * fsck: Ignore keys that are known to be dead when running in
     --all/--unused/--key mode or a in a bare repo. Closes: #[753888](http://bugs.debian.org/753888)
     Otherwise, still reports files with lost contents, even if the content
     is dead.
   * S3: Special remotes can be configured with public=yes to allow
     the public to access the bucket's content.
   * S3: Publically accessible buckets can be used without creds.
   * import --clean-duplicates: Fix bug that didn't count local or trusted
     repo's copy of a file as one of the necessary copies to allow removing
     it from the import location.
   * tahoe: Use ~/.tahoe-git-annex/ rather than ~/.tahoe/git-annex/
     when setting up a tahoe special remote to avoid old versions of
     tahoe create-client choking.
   * Fix bug that prevented enumerating locally present objects in repos
     tuned with annex.tune.objecthash1=true.
     Fixes: unused, object count in info, unannex.
   * Improve url parsing to handle some urls containing illegal []
     characters in their paths.
   * info: Added json output for "backend usage", "numcopies stats",
     "repositories containing these files", and "transfers in progress".
   * Fix incremental backup standard preferred content expression to match
     its documentation, which says it does not want files that have reached
     a backup repository.
   * Increased the default annex.bloomaccuracy from 1000 to 10000000.
     This makes git annex unused use up to 16 mb more memory than it did
     before, but the massive increase in accuracy makes this worthwhile
     for all but the smallest systems.
   * Build documentation with deterministic=1 for reproducible builds.
     (A new ikiwiki feature.) Closes: #[785736](http://bugs.debian.org/785736)
   * Re-remove dependency on obsolete hamlet package. Closes: #[786659](http://bugs.debian.org/786659)
   * debian/cabal-wrapper: Removed this hack which should not be needed anymore."""]]