git-annex 4.20130709 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * --all: New switch that makes git-annex operate on all data stored
     in the git annex, including old versions of files. Supported by
     fsck, get, move, copy.
   * --unused: New switch that makes git-annex operate on all data found
     by the last run of git annex unused. Supported by fsck, get, move, copy.
   * get, move, copy: Can now be run in a bare repository,
     like fsck already could. --all is enabled automatically in this case.
   * merge: Now also merges synced/master or similar branches, which
     makes it useful to put in a post-receive hook to make a repository
     automatically update its working copy when git annex sync or the assistant
     sync with it.
   * webapp: Fix ssh setup with nonstandard port, broken in last release.
   * init: Detect systems on which git commit fails due to not being able to
     determine the FQDN, and put in a workaround so committing to the git-annex
     branch works.
   * addurl --pathdepth: Fix failure when the pathdepth specified is deeper
     than the urls's path.
   * Windows: Look for .exe extension when searching for a command in path.
   * Pass -f to curl when downloading a file with it, so it propigates failure.
   * Windows: Fix url to object when using a http remote.
   * webapp: Fix authorized\_keys line added when setting up a rsync remote
     on a server that also supports git-annex, to not force running
     git-annex-shell.
   * OSX Mountain Lion: Fixed gpg bundled in dmg to not fail due to a missing
     gpg-agent.
   * Android: gpg is built without --enable-minimal, so it interoperates
     better with other gpg builds that may default to using other algorithms
     for encryption.
   * dropunused, addunused: Complain when asked to operate on a number that
     does not correspond to any unused key.
   * fsck: Don't claim to fix direct mode when run on a symlink whose content
     is not present.
   * Make --numcopies override annex.numcopies set in .gitattributes."""]]