git-annex 5.20150916 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Fix Windows build to work with ghc 7.10.
   * init: Fix reversion in detection of repo made with git clone --shared
   * info: Support querying info of individual files in direct mode.
   * unused: Fix reversion in 5.20150727 that broke parsing of the
     --unused-refspec option. Thanks, Øyvind A. Holm.
   * Make full option parsing be done when not in a git repo, so --help
     can be displayed for commands that require a git repo, etc.
   * fsck: Work around bug in persistent that broke display of
     problematically encoded filenames on stderr when using --incremental.
   * When gpg.program is configured, it's used to get the command to run
     for gpg. Useful on systems that have only a gpg2 command or want to
     use it instead of the gpg command.
   * Windows: Switched to using git for Windows, rather than msysgit.
     Using msysgit with git-annex is no longer supported.
   * Windows: Even when the user neglects to tell the git installer to
     add git to PATH, git-annex will still work from within the git bash
     shell, and the webapp can be used too.
   * sync: Add --no-commit, --no-pull, --no-push options to turn off parts of
     the sync process, as well as supporting --commit, --pull, --push, and
     --no-content options to specify the (current) default behavior.
   * annex.hardlink extended to also try to use hard links when copying from
     the repository to a remote.
   * Improve bash completion, so it completes names of remotes and backends
     in appropriate places.
   * Special remotes configured with autoenable=true will be automatically
     enabled when git-annex init is run.
   * Fix bug in combination of preferred and required content settings.
     When one was set to the empty string and the other set to some expression,
     this bug caused all files to be wanted, instead of only files matching
     the expression."""]]