git-annex 4.20130323 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * webapp: Repository list is now included in the dashboard, and other
     UI tweaks.
   * webapp: Improved UI for pairing your own devices together using XMPP.
   * webapp: Display an alert when there are XMPP remotes, and a cloud
     transfer repository needs to be configured.
   * Add incrementalbackup repository group.
   * webapp: Encourage user to install git-annex on a server when adding
     a ssh server, rather than just funneling them through to rsync.
   * xmpp: --debug now enables a sanitized dump of the XMPP protocol
   * xmpp: Try harder to detect presence of clients when there's a git push
     to send.
   * xmpp: Re-enable XA flag, since disabling it did not turn out to help
     with the problems Google Talk has with not always sending presence
     messages to clients.
   * map: Combine duplicate repositories, for a nicer looking map.
   * Fix several bugs caused by a bad Ord instance for Remote.
   * webapp: Switch all forms to POST.
   * assistant: Avoid syncing with annex-ignored remotes when reconnecting
     to the network, or connecting a drive.
   * assistant: Fix OSX bug that prevented committing changed files to a
     repository when in indirect mode.
   * webapp: Improved alerts displayed when syncing with remotes, and
     when syncing with a remote fails.
   * webapp: Force wrap long filenames in transfer display.
   * assistant: The ConfigMonitor left one zombie behind each time
     it checked for changes, now fixed.
   * get, copy, move: Display an error message when an identical transfer
     is already in progress, rather than failing with no indication why.
   * assistant: Several optimisations to file transfers.
   * OSX app and standalone Linux tarball now both support being added to
     PATH; no need to use runshell to start git-annex.
   * webapp: When adding a removable drive, you can now specify the
     directory inside it to use.
   * webapp: Confirm whether user wants to combine repositories when
     adding a removable drive that already has a repository on it."""]]