git-annex 5.20131213 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Avoid using git commit in direct mode, since in some situations
     it will read the full contents of files in the tree.
   * assistant: Batch jobs are now run with ionice and nocache, when
     those commands are available.
   * assistant: Run transferkeys as batch jobs.
   * Automatically fix up bad bare repositories created by
     versions 5.20131118 through 5.20131127.
   * rsync special remote: Fix fallback mode for rsync remotes that
     use hashDirMixed. Closes: #[731142](http://bugs.debian.org/731142)
   * copy --from, get --from: When --force is used, ignore the
     location log and always try to get the file from the remote.
   * Deal with box.com changing the url of their webdav endpoint.
   * Android: Fix SRV record lookups for XMPP to use android getprop
     command to find DNS server, since there is no resolv.conf.
   * import: Add --skip-duplicates option.
   * lock: Require --force. Closes: #[731606](http://bugs.debian.org/731606)
   * import: better handling of overwriting an existing file/directory/broken
     link when importing
   * Windows: assistant and webapp work! (very experimental)
   * Windows: Support annex.diskreserve.
   * Fix bad behavior in Firefox, which was caused by an earlier fix to
     bad behavior in Chromium.
   * repair: Improve repair of git-annex index file.
   * repair: Remove damaged git-annex sync branches.
   * status: Ignore new files that are gitignored.
   * Fix direct mode's handling when modifications to non-annexed files
     are pulled from a remote. A bug prevented the files from being updated
     in the work tree, and this caused the modification to be reverted.
   * OSX: Remove ssh and ssh-keygen from dmg as they're included in OSX by
     default."""]]