git-annex 10.20231227 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""  * migrate: Support distributed migrations by recording each migration,
    and adding a --update option that updates the local repository
    incrementally, hard linking annex objects to their new keys.
  * pull, sync: When operating on content, automatically handle
    distributed migrations.
  * Added annex.syncmigrations config that can be set to false to prevent
    pull and sync from migrating object content.
  * migrate: Added --apply option that (re)applies all recorded
    distributed migrations to the objects in repository.
  * migrate: Support adding size to URL keys that were added with
    --relaxed, by running eg: git-annex migrate --backend=URL foo
  * When importing from a special remote, support preferred content
    expressions that use terms that match on keys (eg "present", "copies=1").
    Such terms are ignored when importing, since the key is not known yet.
    Before, such expressions caused the import to fail.
  * Support git-annex copy/move --from-anywhere --to remote.
  * Make git-annex get/copy/move --from foo override configuration of
    remote.foo.annex-ignore, as documented.
  * Lower precision of timestamps in git-annex branch, which can reduce the
    size of the branch by up to 8%.
  * sync: Fix locking problems during merge when annex.pidlock is set.
  * Avoid a problem with temp file names ending in "." on certian
    filesystems that have problems with such filenames.
  * sync, push: Avoid trying to send individual files to special remotes
    configured with importtree=yes exporttree=no, which would always fail.
  * Fix a crash opening sqlite databases when run in a non-unicode locale.
    (Needs persistent-sqlite 2.13.3.)"""]]