git-annex 7.20190503 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * adb special remote supports being configured with importtree=yes,
     to allow git-annex import of files from an Android device. This can be
     combined with exporttree=yes and git-annex export used to send changes
     back to the Android device.
   * S3 special remote supports being configured with importtree=yes,
     to allow git-annex import of files from a S3 bucket. This can be
     combined with exporttree=yes and git-annex export used to send changes
     back to the S3 bucket.
   * S3: When versioning is enabled on a bucket, importing from it will
     import old versions of files that were written to the bucket as well
     as the current versions. A git history is synthesized to reflect the way
     the bucket changed over time.
   * Fix bug that caused importing from a special remote to repeatedly
     download unchanged files when multiple files in the remote have the same
     content.
   * Made git-annex sync --content much faster when all the remotes it's
     syncing with are export/import remotes.
   * sync: When listing contents on an import remote fails, proceed with
     other syncing instead of aborting.
   * renameremote: New command, changes the name that is used to enable
     a special remote. Especially useful when you want to reuse the name
     of an old remote for something new.
   * Drop support for building with aws older than 0.14.
   * info: Show when a remote is configured with importtree.
   * Added mimeencoding= term to annex.largefiles expressions.
     This is probably mostly useful to match non-text files with eg
     "mimeencoding=binary"
   * git-annex matchexpression: Added --mimeencoding option."""]]