git-annex 7.20200202.7 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * add: --force-annex/--force-git options make it easier to override
     annex.largefiles configuration (and potentially safer as it avoids
     bugs like the smudge bug fixed in the last release).
   * reinject --known: Fix bug that prevented it from working in a bare repo.
   * Support being used in a git repository that uses sha256 rather than sha1.
   * initremote, enableremote: Be stricter about rejecting invalid
     configuration parameters for remotes, particularly things like foo=true
     when foo=yes is expected.
   * initremote, enableremote: Reject unknown configuration parameters
     provided to these commands.
   * initremote: Added --whatelse option, to show additional
     configuration parameters you might want to set. Eg:
     git annex initremote type=directory encryption=none --whatelse
   * Added LISTCONFIGS to external special remote protocol. Special remote
     programs that use GETCONFIG/SETCONFIG are recommended to implement it.
   * init: Avoid an ugly error message when http remote has no git-annex
     uuid configured.
   * Support git remotes that need http basic auth to be accessed,
     using git credential to get the password.
   * Display a warning when concurrency is enabled but ssh connection caching
     is not enabled or won't work due to a crippled filesystem.
   * Makefile: Move the fish completion to the vendor\_completions.d directory.
   * Fixed a test suite failure when run in the C locale."""]]