git-annex 6.20160114 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   "hexapodia as the key insight"
   * Added v6 repository mode, but v5 is still the default for now.
   * unlock, lock: In v6 mode, unlocking a file changes it from a symlink to a
     pointer file, and this change can be committed to the git repository.
     For details, see http://git-annex.branchable.com/tips/unlocked\_files/
   * The upgrade to version 6 is not done fully automatically yet, because
     upgrading a direct mode repository to version 6 will prevent old
     versions of git-annex from working in other clones of that repository.
     For details, see http://git-annex.branchable.com/upgrades/
   * init: --version parameter added to control which supported repository
     version to use.
   * init, upgrade: Configure .git/info/attributes to use git-annex
     as a smudge filter. In v6 repository mode, this makes git add
     add files to the annex in unlocked mode, unless overridden by
     annex.largefiles configuration.
   * assistant: In v6 mode, adds files in unlocked mode, so they can
     continue to be modified.
   * Added annex.thin setting, which makes unlocked files in v6 repositories
     be hard linked to their content, instead of a copy. This saves disk
     space but means any modification of an unlocked file will lose the local
     (and possibly only) copy of the old version.
   * Enable annex.thin by default on upgrade from direct mode to v6, since
     direct mode made the same tradeoff.
   * fix: Adjusts unlocked files as configured by annex.thin.
   * persistent-sqlite is now a hard build dependency, since v6 repository
     mode needs it.
   * status: On crippled filesystems, was displaying M for all annexed files
     that were present. Probably caused by a change to what git status
     displays in this situation. Fixed by treating files git thinks are
     modified the same as typechanged files.
   * addurl: Added --batch and --with-files options.
   * addurl: Support --json, particularly useful in --batch mode.
   * addurl: Refuse to overwrite any existing, non-annexed file.
   * Debian: Adjust build dependencies for webapp, DAV. Now available on
     mips, mipsel, but temporarily removed armel since build is failing
     there.
   * info: Fix "backend usage" numbers, which were counting present keys
     twice.
   * info --json: Improve json for "backend usage", using a nested object
     with fields for each backend instead of the previous weird nested lists.
     This may break existing parsers of this json output, if there were any.
   * whereis --json: Make url list be included in machine-parseable form.
   * test: Added --keep-failures option.
   * unused: Bug fix when a new file was added to the annex, and then
     removed (but not git rmed). git still has the add staged in this case,
     so the content should not be unused and was wrongly treated as such.
   * migrate: Copy over metadata to new key.
   * rekey: No longer copies over urls from the old to the new key.
     It makes sense for migrate to do that, but not for this low-level
     (and little used) plumbing command to.
   * view: Fix crash in non-unicode capable locale when entering a view
     of metadata containing a slash or backslash.
   * When annex.http-headers is used to set the User-Agent header, avoid
     sending User-Agent: git-annex
   * Windows: Fix rsync cross-drive hack to work with msys2 rsync.
     Thanks, Pieter Kitslaar."""]]