git-annex 10.20240831 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""  * Special remotes configured with exporttree=yes annexobjects=yes
    can store objects in .git/annex/objects, as well as an exported tree.
  * Support proxying to special remotes configured with
    exporttree=yes annexobjects=yes, and allow such remotes to be used as
    cluster nodes.
  * post-retrieve: When proxying is enabled for an exporttree=yes
    special remote (or it is a cluster node) and the configured
    remote.name.annex-tracking-branch is received, the tree is
    exported to the special remote.
  * Support "balanced=", "fullybalanced=", "sizebalanced=" and
    "fullysizebalanced=" in preferred content expressions.
  * Added --rebalance option.
  * Added the annex.fullybalancedthreshhold git config.
  * maxsize: New command to tell git-annex how large the expected maximum
    size of a repository is, and to display repository sizes.
  * vicfg: Include maxsize configuration.
  * info: Improved speed by using new repository size tracking.
  * lookupkey: Allow using --ref in a bare repository.
  * export: Added --from option.
  * git-remote-annex: Store objects in exportree=yes special remotes
    in the same paths used by annexobjects=yes. This is a backwards
    compatible change.
  * updateproxy, updatecluster: Prevent using an exporttree=yes special
    remote that does not have annexobjects=yes, since it will not work.
  * The config versioning=true is now reserved for use by versioned special
    remotes. External special remotes should not use that config for their
    own purposes."""]]