git-annex 10.20230802 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""  * satisfy: New command that gets/sends/drops content to satisfy
    preferred content settings. This is like to the --content
    part of git-annex sync.
  * --explain: New option to display explanations of what git-annex
    takes into account when deciding what to do. Including explaining
    matching of preferred content expressions, annex.largefiles, and
    annex.addunlocked.
  * reinject: Added --guesskeys option.
  * diffdriver: Added --text option for easy diffing of the contents of
    annexed text files.
  * assist: With --jobs, parallelize transferring content to/from remotes.
  * Bug fix: Re-running git-annex adjust or sync when in an adjusted branch
    would overwrite the original branch, losing any commits that had been
    made to it since the adjusted branch was created.
  * Bug fix: Fix behavior when git is configured with
    safe.bareRepository = explicit.
  * importfeed bug fix: When -J was used with multiple feeds, some feeds
    did not get their items downloaded.
  * importfeed: Add feedurl to the metadata (and allow it to be used in the
    --template)
  * Improve resuming interrupted download when using yt-dlp.
  * S3: Amazon S3 buckets created after April 2023 do not support ACLs,
    so public=yes cannot be used with them. Existing buckets configured
    with public=yes will keep working.
  * S3: Allow setting publicurl=yes without public=yes, to support
    buckets that are configured with a Bucket Policy that allows public
    access.
  * directory, gcrypt: Remove empty hash directories when dropping content.
  * dropunused: Support --jobs
  * Support "onlyingroup=" in preferred content expressions.
  * Support --onlyingroup= matching option.
  * Setup.hs: Stop installing man pages, desktop files, and the
    git-annex-shell and git-remote-tor-annex symlinks.
    Anything still relying on that, eg via cabal v1-install will need to
    change to using make install-home.
  * Support building with unix-compat 0.7
  * Support building with unix-2.8.0.
  * stack.yaml: Update to build with ghc-9.6.2 and aws-0.24.
    (For windows, stack-lts-18.13.yaml has to be used instead for now.)"""]]