git-annex 3.20120924 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * assistant: New command, a daemon which does everything watch does,
     as well as automatically syncing file contents between repositories.
     See [[assistant]] for details and [[assistant/errata]] for known
     issues in this beta feature.
   * webapp: An interface for managing and configuring the assistant.
   * The default backend used when adding files to the annex is changed
     from SHA256 to SHA256E, to simplify interoperability with OSX, media
     players, and various programs that needlessly look at symlink targets.
     To get old behavior, add a .gitattributes containing: * annex.backend=SHA256
   * init: If no description is provided for a new repository, one will
     automatically be generated, like "joey@gnu:~/foo"
   * test: Set a lot of git environment variables so testing works in strange
     environments that normally need git config to set names, etc.
     Closes: #[682351](http://bugs.debian.org/682351) Thanks, gregor herrmann
   * Disable ssh connection caching if the path to the control socket would be
     too long (and use relative path to minimise path to the control socket).
   * migrate: Check content before generating the new key, to avoid generating
     a key for corrupt data.
   * Support repositories created with --separate-git-dir. Closes: #[684405](http://bugs.debian.org/684405)
   * reinject: When the provided file doesn't match, leave it where it is,
     rather than moving to .git/annex/bad/
   * Avoid crashing on encoding errors in filenames when writing transfer info
     files and reading from checksum commands.
   * sync: Pushes the git-annex branch to remote/synced/git-annex, rather
     than directly to remote/git-annex.
   * Now supports matchig files that are present on a number of remotes
     with a specified trust level. Example: --copies=trusted:2
     Thanks, Nicolas Pouillard"""]]
