git-annex 8.20200309 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Fix bug that caused unlocked annexed dotfiles to be added to git by the
     smudge filter when annex.dotfiles was not set.
   * Upgrade other repos than the current one by running git-annex upgrade
     inside them, which avoids problems with upgrade code making assumptions
     that the cwd will be inside the repo being upgraded. In particular,
     this fixes a problem where upgrading a v7 repo to v8 caused an ugly
     git error message.
   * Fix upgrade failure when a file has been deleted from the working tree.
   * Fix regression 1 month ago that prevented external special remotes from
     using GETCONFIG to query values like "name".
   * Improve behavior when a directory git-annex is writing to gets
     unmounted. Previously it could in some cases re-create the mount point
     and directory tree, and even write object contents to the wrong disk.
   * Don't ignore --debug when it is followed by -c.
   * whereis: If a remote fails to report on urls where a key
     is located, display a warning, rather than giving up and not displaying
     any information.
   * When external special remotes fail but neglect to provide an error
     message, say what request failed, which is better than displaying an
     empty error message to the user.
   * git-annex config: Only allow configs be set that are ones git-annex
     actually supports reading from repo-global config, to avoid confusion.
   * Avoid converting .git file in a worktree or submodule to a symlink
     when the repository is not a git-annex repository.
   * Linux standalone: Use md5sum to shorten paths in .cache/git-annex/locales
   * Fix build with ghc 8.8 (MonadFail)
     Thanks, Peter Simons
   * stack.yaml: Updated to lts-14.27."""]]