git-annex 6.20180409 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Added adb special remote which allows exporting files to Android devices.
   * For url downloads, git-annex now defaults to using a http library,
     rather than wget or curl. But, if annex.web-options is set, it will
     use curl. To use the .netrc file, run:
       git config annex.web-options --netrc
   * git-annex no longer uses wget (and wget is no longer shipped with
     git-annex builds).
   * Enable HTTP connection reuse across multiple files for improved speed.
   * Fix calculation of estimated completion for progress meter.
   * OSX app: Work around libz/libPng/ImageIO.framework version skew
     by not bundling libz, assuming OSX includes a suitable libz.1.dylib.
   * Added annex.retry, annex.retry-delay, and per-remote versions
     to configure transfer retries.
   * Also do forward retrying in cases where no exception is thrown,
     but the transfer failed.
   * When adding a new version of a file, and annex.genmetadata is enabled,
     don't copy the data metadata from the old version of the file,
     instead use the mtime of the file.
   * Avoid running annex.http-headers-command more than once.
   * info: Added "combined size of repositories containing these files"
     stat when run on a directory.
   * info: Changed sorting of numcopies stats table, so it's ordered
     by the variance from the desired number of copies.
   * Fix resuming a download when using curl."""]]