git-annex 5.20150522 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * import: Refuse to import files that are within the work tree, as that
     does not make sense and could cause data loss.
   * drop: Now supports --all, --unused, and --key.
   * drop: Now defaults to --all when run in a bare repository.
     (Previously, did nothing when run in a bare repository.)
   * get, move, copy, mirror: Concurrent transfers are now supported!
     For example: git-annex get -J10
     However, progress bars are not yet displayed for concurrent transfers,
     pending an updated version of the ascii-progress library.
   * --quiet now makes progress output by rsync, wget, etc be quiet too.
   * Take space that will be used by other running downloads into account when
     checking annex.diskreserve.
   * Avoid accumulating transfer failure log files unless the assistant is
     being used.
   * Fix an unlikely race that could result in two transfers of the same key
     running at once.
   * Stale transfer lock and info files will be cleaned up automatically
     when get/unused/info commands are run.
   * unused: Add --used-refspec option and annex.used-refspec, which can
     specify a set of refs to consider used, rather than the default of
     considering all refs used.
   * webapp: Fix zombie xdg-open process left when opening file browser.
     Closes: #[785498](http://bugs.debian.org/785498)
   * Safer posix fctnl locking implementation, using lock pools and STM.
   * Build documentation with TZ=UTC for reproducible builds. See #785736.
   * OSX: Corrected the location of trustedkeys.gpg, so the built-in
     upgrade code will find it. Fixes OSX upgrade going forward, but
     older versions won't upgrade themselves due to this problem."""]]