git-annex 4.20130621 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Supports indirect mode on encfs in paranoia mode, and other
     filesystems that do not support hard links, but do support
     symlinks and other POSIX filesystem features.
   * Android: Add .thumbnails to .gitignore when setting up a camera
     repository.
   * Android: Make the "Open webapp" menu item open the just created
     repository when a new repo is made.
   * webapp: When the user switches to display a different repository,
     that repository becomes the default repository to be displayed next time
     the webapp gets started.
   * glacier: Better handling of the glacier inventory, which avoids
     duplicate uploads to the same glacier repository by `git annex copy`.
   * Direct mode: No longer temporarily remove write permission bit of files
     when adding them.
   * sync: Better support for bare git remotes. Now pushes directly to the
     master branch on such a remote, instead of to synced/master. This
     makes it easier to clone from a bare git remote that has been populated
     with git annex sync or by the assistant.
   * Android: Fix use of cp command to not try to use features present
     only on build system.
   * Windows: Fix hang when adding several files at once.
   * assistant: In direct mode, objects are now only dropped when all
     associated files are unwanted. This avoids a repreated drop/get loop
     of a file that has a copy in an archive directory, and a copy not in an
     archive directory. (Indirect mode still has some buggy behavior in this
     area, since it does not keep track of associated files.)
     Closes: #[712060](http://bugs.debian.org/712060)
   * status: No longer shows dead repositories.
   * annex.debug can now be set to enable debug logging by default.
     The webapp's debugging check box does this.
   * fsck: Avoid getting confused by Windows path separators
   * Windows: Multiple bug fixes, including fixing the data written to the
     git-annex branch.
   * Windows: The test suite now passes on Windows (a few broken parts are
     disabled).
   * assistant: On Linux, the expensive transfer scan is run niced.
   * Enable assistant and WebDAV support on powerpc and sparc architectures,
     which now have the necessary dependencies built."""]]