git-annex 3.20130124 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Added source repository group, that only retains files until they've
     been transferred to another repository. Useful for things like
     repositories on cameras.
   * Added manual repository group. Use to prevent the assistant from
     downloading any file contents to keep things in sync. Instead
     `git annex get`, `git annex drop` etc can be used manually as desired.
   * webapp: More adjustments to longpoll code to deal with changes in
     variable quoting in different versions of shakespeare-js.
   * webapp: Avoid an error if a transfer is stopped just as it finishes.
     Closes: #[698184](http://bugs.debian.org/698184)
   * webapp: Now always logs to .git/annex/daemon.log
   * webapp: Has a page to view the log, accessed from the control menu.
   * webapp: Fix crash adding removable drive that has an annex directory
     in it that is not a git repository.
   * Deal with incompatability in gpg2, which caused prompts for encryption
     passphrases rather than using the supplied --passphrase-fd.
   * bugfix: Union merges involving two or more repositories could sometimes
     result in data from one repository getting lost. This could result
     in the location log data becoming wrong, and fsck being needed to fix it.
   * sync: Automatic merge conflict resolution now stages deleted files.
   * Depend on git 1.7.7.6 for --no-edit. Closes: #[698399](http://bugs.debian.org/698399)
   * Fix direct mode mapping code to always store direct mode filenames
     relative to the top of the repository, even when operating inside a
     subdirectory.
   * fsck: Detect and fix consistency errors in direct mode mapping files.
   * Avoid filename encoding errors when writing direct mode mappings."""]]