git-annex 5.20140402 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * unannex, uninit: Avoid committing after every file is unannexed,
     for massive speedup.
   * --notify-finish switch will cause desktop notifications after each
     file upload/download/drop completes
     (using the dbus Desktop Notifications Specification)
   * --notify-start switch will show desktop notifications when each
     file upload/download starts.
   * webapp: Automatically install Nautilus integration scripts
     to get and drop files.
   * tahoe: Pass -d parameter before subcommand; putting it after
     the subcommand no longer works with tahoe-lafs version 1.10.
     (Thanks, Alberto Berti)
   * forget --drop-dead: Avoid removing the dead remote from the trust.log,
     so that if git remotes for it still exist anywhere, git annex info
     will still know it's dead and not show it.
   * git-annex-shell: Make configlist automatically initialize
     a remote git repository, as long as a git-annex branch has
     been pushed to it, to simplify setup of remote git repositories,
     including via gitolite.
   * add --include-dotfiles: New option, perhaps useful for backups.
   * Version 5.20140227 broke creation of glacier repositories,
     not including the datacenter and vault in their configuration.
     This bug is fixed, but glacier repositories set up with the broken
     version of git-annex need to have the datacenter and vault set
     in order to be usable. This can be done using git annex enableremote
     to add the missing settings. For details, see
     http://git-annex.branchable.com/bugs/problems\_with\_glacier/
   * Added required content configuration.
   * assistant: Improve ssh authorized keys line generated in local pairing
     or for a remote ssh server to set environment variables in an
     alternative way that works with the non-POSIX fish shell, as well
     as POSIX shells."""]]