git-annex 10.20260213 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""  * When used with git forges that allow Push to Create, the remote's
    annex-uuid is re-probed after the initial push.
  * addurl, importfeed: Enable --verifiable by default.
  * fromkey, registerurl: When passed an url, generate a VURL key.
  * unregisterurl: Unregister both VURL and URL keys.
  * Fix behavior of local git remotes that have annex-ignore
    set to be the same as ssh git remotes.
  * Added annex.security.allow-insecure-https config, which allows
    using old http servers that use TLS 1.2 without Extended Main
    Secret support.
  * p2phttp: Commit git-annex branch changes promptly.
  * p2phttp: Fix a server stall by disabling warp's slowloris attack
    prevention.
  * p2phttp: Added --cpus option.
  * Avoid ever starting more capabilities than the number of cpus.
  * fsck: Support repairing a corrupted file in a versioned S3 remote.
  * Fix incorrect transfer direction in remote transfer log when
    downloading from a local git remote.
  * Fix bug that prevented 2 clones of a local git remote
    from concurrently downloading the same file.
  * rsync: Avoid deleting contents of a non-empty directory when
    removing the last exported file from the directory.
  * unregisterurl: Fix display of action to not be "registerurl".
  * The OsPath build flag requires file-io 0.2.0, which fixes several
    issues.
  * Remove deprecated commands direct, indirect, proxy, and transferkeys.
  * Deprecate undo command.
  * Remove undo action from kde and nautilus integrations.
  * Fix build on BSDs. Thanks, Greg Steuck"""]]