git-annex 5.20150113 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * unlock: Don't allow unlocking files that have never been committed to git
     before, to avoid an intractable problem that prevents the pre-commit
     hook from telling if such a file is intended to be an annexed file or not.
   * Avoid re-checksumming when migrating from hash to hashE backend.
     Closes: #[774494](http://bugs.debian.org/774494)
   * Fix build with process 1.2.1.0.
   * Android: Provide a version built with -fPIE -pie to support Android 5.0.
   * sync: Fix an edge case where syncing in a bare repository would try to
     merge and so fail.
   * Check git version at runtime, rather than assuming it will be the same
     as the git version used at build time when running git-checkattr and
     git-branch remove.
   * Switch to using relative paths to the git repository.
     - This allows the git repository to be moved while git-annex is running in
       it, with fewer problems.
     - On Windows, this avoids some of the problems with the absurdly small
       MAX\_PATH of 260 bytes. In particular, git-annex repositories should
       work in deeper/longer directory structures than before.
   * Generate shorter keys for WORM and URL, avoiding keys that are longer
     than used for SHA256, so as to not break on systems like Windows that
     have very small maximum path length limits.
   * Bugfix: A file named HEAD in the work tree could confuse some git commands
     run by git-annex."""]]