git-annex 7.20190615 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Fixed bug that caused git-annex to fail to add a file when another
     git-annex process cleaned up the temp directory it was using.
   * Makefile: Added install-completions to install target.
   * Added the ability to run one job per CPU (core), by setting
     annex.jobs=cpus, or using option --jobs=cpus or -Jcpus.
   * Honor preferred content of a special remote when exporting trees to it;
     unwanted files are filtered out of the tree that is exported.
   * Importing from a special remote honors its preferred content too;
     unwanted files are not imported. But, some preferred content
     expressions can't be checked before files are imported, and trying to
     import with such an expression will fail.
   * Don't try to import .git directories from special remotes, because
     git does not support storing git repositories inside a git repository.
   * Improve shape of commit tree when importing from unversioned special
     remotes.
   * init: When the repository already has a description, don't change it.
   * describe: When run with no description parameter it used to set
     the description to "", now it will error out.
   * Android: Improve installation process when the user's login shell is not
     bash.
   * When a remote is configured to be readonly, don't allow changing
     what's exported to it.
   * Renamed annex.security.allowed-http-addresses to
     annex.security.allowed-ip-addresses because it is not really specific
     to the http protocol, also limiting eg, git-annex's use of ftp.
     The old name for the config will still work.
   * Add back support for ftp urls, which was disabled as part of the fix for
     security hole CVE-2018-10857 (except for configurations which enabled curl
     and bypassed public IP address restrictions). Now it will work
     if allowed by annex.security.allowed-ip-addresses.
   * Avoid a delay at startup when concurrency is enabled and there are
     rsync or gcrypt special remotes, which was caused by git-annex
     opening a ssh connection to the remote too early."""]]