git-annex 6.20180719 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Support working trees set up by git-worktree.
   * Improve support for repositories created with --separate-git-dir.
   * Support configuring remote.web.annex-cost and remote.bittorrent.annex-cost
   * addurl: When security configuration prevents downloads with youtube-dl,
     still check if the url is one that it supports, and fail downloading
     it, instead of downloading the raw web page.
   * Send User-Agent and any configured annex.http-headers when downloading
     with http, fixes reversion introduced when switching to http-client.
   * Fix reversion introduced in version 6.20180316 that caused git-annex to
     stop processing files when unable to contact a ssh remote.
   * v6: Work around git bug that runs smudge/clean filters at the top of the
     repository while passing them a relative GIT\_WORK\_TREE that may point
     outside of the repository, by using GIT\_PREFIX to get back to the
     subdirectory where a relative GIT\_WORK\_TREE is valid.
   * p2p --pair: Fix interception of the magic-wormhole pairing code,
     which since 0.8.2 it has sent to stderr rather than stdout.
   * info: Display uuid and description when a repository is identified by
     uuid, and for "here".
   * unused --from: Allow specifiying a repository by uuid or description.
   * linux standalone: Generate locale files in ~/.cache/git-annex/locales/
     so they're available even when the standalone tarball is installed
     in a directory owned by root. Note that this prevents using the
     standalone bundle in environments where HOME is not writable.
   * Include uname command in standalone builds since git-annex uses it.
   * git-annex.cabal: Fix network version."""]]