git-annex 5.20150317 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * fsck: Incremental fsck uses sqlite to store its records, instead
     of abusing the sticky bit. Existing sticky bits are ignored;
     incremental fscks started by old versions won't be resumed by
     this version.
   * fsck: Multiple incremental fscks of different repos (including remotes)
     can now be running at the same time in the same repo without it
     getting confused about which files have been checked for which remotes.
   * unannex: Refuse to unannex when repo is too new to have a HEAD,
     since in this case there must be staged changes in the index
     (if there is anything to unannex), and the unannex code path
     needs to run with a clean index.
   * Linux standalone: Set LOCPATH=/dev/null to work around
     https://ghc.haskell.org/trac/ghc/ticket/7695
     This prevents localization from working, but git-annex
     is not localized anyway.
   * sync: As well as the synced/git-annex push, attempt a
     git-annex:git-annex push, as long as the remote branch
     is an ancestor of the local branch, to better support bare git repos.
     (This used to be done, but it forgot to do it since version 4.20130909.)
   * When re-execing git-annex, use current program location, rather than
     ~/.config/git-annex/program, when possible.
   * Submodules are now supported by git-annex!
   * metadata: Fix encoding problem that led to mojibake when storing
     metadata strings that contained both unicode characters and a space
     (or '!') character.
   * Also potentially fixes encoding problem when embedding credentials
     that contain unicode characters.
   * sync: Fix committing when in a direct mode repo that has no HEAD ref.
     (For example, a newly checked out git submodule.)
   * Added SETURIPRESENT and SETURIMISSING to external special remote protocol,
     useful for things like ipfs that don't use regular urls.
   * addurl: Added --raw option, which bypasses special handling of quvi,
     bittorrent etc urls.
   * git-annex-shell: Improve error message when the specified repository
     doesn't exist or git config fails for some reason.
   * fromkey --force: Skip test that the key has its content in the annex.
   * fromkey: Add stdin mode.
   * registerurl: New plumbing command for mass-adding urls to keys.
   * remotedaemon: Fixed support for notifications of changes to gcrypt
     remotes, which was never tested and didn't quite work before."""]]