git-annex 6.20180529 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Prevent haskell http-client from decompressing gzip files, so downloads
     of such files works the same as it used to with wget and curl.
   * Workaround for bug in an old version of cryptonite that broke https
     downloads, by using curl for downloads when git-annex is built with it.
   * view, vadd: Fix crash when a git submodule has a name starting with a dot.
   * Don't allow entering a view with staged or unstaged changes.
   * move: --force was accidentially enabling two unrelated behaviors
     since 6.20180427. The older behavior, which has never been well
     documented and seems almost entirely useless, has been removed.
   * copy: --force no longer does anything.
   * migrate: Fix bug in migration between eg SHA256 and SHA256E,
     that caused the extension to be included in SHA256 keys,
     and omitted from SHA256E keys.
     (Bug introduced in version 6.20170214)
   * migrate: Check for above bug when migrating from SHA256 to SHA256
     (and same for SHA1 to SHA1 etc), and remove the extension that should
     not be in the SHA256 key.
   * fsck: Detect and warn when keys need an upgrade, either to fix up
     from the above migrate bug, or to add missing size information
     (a long ago transition), or because of a few other past key related
     bugs.
   * git-annex-shell: GIT\_ANNEX\_SHELL\_APPENDONLY makes it allow writes,
     but not deletion of annexed content. Note that securing pushes to
     the git repository is left up to the user.
   * setpresentkey: Added --batch support."""]]