git-annex 5.20150420 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Fix activity log parsing, which caused the log to not retain
     activity from other uuids.
   * Union merge could fall over if there was a file in the repository
     with the same name as a git ref. Now fixed.
   * info dir: Added information about repositories that
     contain files in the specified directory.
   * info: Added --bytes option.
   * bittorrent: Fix handling of magnet links.
   * When a key's size is unknown, still check the annex.diskreserve,
     and avoid getting content if the disk is too full.
   * Fix fsck --from a git remote in a local directory, and from
     a directory special remote.
     This was a reversion caused by the relative path changes in 5.20150113.
   * fsck --from remote: When bad content is found in the remote,
     and the local repo does not have a copy of the content, preserve
     the bad content in .git/annex/bad/ to avoid further data loss.
   * fsck --from remote: Avoid downloading a key if it would go over
     the annex.diskreserve limit.
   * required: New command, like wanted, but for required content.
   * Removed dependency on haskell SHA library,
     instead using cryptohash &gt;= 0.11.0.
   * Make repo init more robust.
   * New debian/rules build-standalone target, which generates a
     git-annex-standalone.deb that should work on many old Debian etc
     systems. Thanks, Yaroslav Halchenko.
   * Windows: Renamed start menu file to avoid loop in some versions
     of Windows where the menu file is treated as a git-annex program.
   * Windows: Fixed support of remotes on other drives.
     (A reversion introduced in version 5.20150113.)
   * Windows: Bundled versions of rsync, wget, ssh, and gpg from
     cygwin all updated. Thanks, Yury V. Zaytsev."""]]