git-annex 3.20111011 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * This version of git-annex only works with git 1.7.7 and newer.
     The breakage with old versions is subtle, and affects the
     annex.numcopies settings in .gitattributes, so be sure to upgrade git
     to 1.7.7. (Debian package now depends on that version.)
   * Don't pass absolute paths to git show-attr, as it started following
     symlinks when that's done in 1.7.7. Instead, use relative paths,
     which show-attr only handles 100% correctly in 1.7.7. Closes: #[645046](http://bugs.debian.org/645046)
   * Fix referring to remotes by uuid.
   * New or changed repository descriptions in uuid.log now have a timestamp,
     which is used to ensure the newest description is used when the uuid.log
     has been merged.
   * Note that older versions of git-annex will display the timestamp as part
     of the repository description, which is ugly but otherwise harmless.
   * Add timestamps to trust.log and remote.log too.
   * git-annex-shell: Added the --uuid option.
   * git-annex now asks git-annex-shell to verify that it's operating in
     the expected repository.
   * Note that this git-annex will not interoperate with remotes using
     older versions of git-annex-shell.
   * Now supports git's insteadOf configuration, to modify the url
     used to access a remote. Note that pushInsteadOf is not used;
     that and pushurl are reserved for actual git pushes. Closes: #[644278](http://bugs.debian.org/644278)
   * status: List all known repositories.
   * When displaying a list of repositories, show git remote names
     in addition to their descriptions.
   * Add locking to avoid races when changing the git-annex branch.
   * Various speed improvements gained by using ByteStrings.
   * Contain the zombie hordes."""]]