git-annex 5.20140717 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Fix minor FD leak in journal code. Closes: #[754608](http://bugs.debian.org/754608)
   * direct: Fix handling of case where a work tree subdirectory cannot
     be written to due to permissions.
   * migrate: Avoid re-checksumming when migrating from hashE to hash backend.
   * uninit: Avoid failing final removal in some direct mode repositories
     due to file modes.
   * S3: Deal with AWS ACL configurations that do not allow creating or
     checking the location of a bucket, but only reading and writing content to
     it.
   * resolvemerge: New plumbing command that runs the automatic merge conflict
     resolver.
   * Deal with change in git 2.0 that made indirect mode merge conflict
     resolution leave behind old files.
   * sync: Fix git sync with local git remotes even when they don't have an
     annex.uuid set. (The assistant already did so.)
   * Set gcrypt-publish-participants when setting up a gcrypt repository,
     to avoid unncessary passphrase prompts.
     This is a security/usability tradeoff. To avoid exposing the gpg key
     ids who can decrypt the repository, users can unset
     gcrypt-publish-participants.
   * Install nautilus hooks even when ~/.local/share/nautilus/ does not yet
     exist, since it is not automatically created for Gnome 3 users.
   * Windows: Move .vbs files out of git\bin, to avoid that being in the
     PATH, which caused some weird breakage. (Thanks, divB)
   * Windows: Fix locking issue that prevented the webapp starting
     (since 5.20140707)."""]]