git-annex 4.20130227 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * annex.version is now set to 4 for direct mode repositories.
   * Should now fully support git repositories with core.symlinks=false;
     always using git's pseudosymlink files in such repositories.
   * webapp: Allow creating repositories on filesystems that lack support for
     symlinks.
   * webapp: Can now add a new local repository, and make it sync with
     the main local repository.
   * Android: Bundle now includes openssh.
   * Android: Support ssh connection caching.
   * Android: Assistant is fully working. (But no webapp yet.)
   * Direct mode: Support filesystems like FAT which can change their inodes
     each time they are mounted.
   * Direct mode: Fix support for adding a modified file.
   * Avoid passing -p to rsync, to interoperate with crippled filesystems.
     Closes: #[700282](http://bugs.debian.org/700282)
   * Additional GIT\_DIR support bugfixes. May actually work now.
   * webapp: Display any error message from git init if it fails to create
     a repository.
   * Fix a reversion in matching globs introduced in the last release,
     where "*" did not match files inside subdirectories. No longer uses
     the Glob library.
   * copy: Update location log when no copy was performed, if the location
     log was out of date.
   * Makefile now builds using cabal, taking advantage of cabal's automatic
     detection of appropriate build flags.
   * test: The test suite is now built into the git-annex binary, and can
     be run at any time."""]]