git-annex 4.20130405 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Group subcommands into sections in usage. Closes: #[703797](http://bugs.debian.org/703797)
   * Per-command usage messages.
   * webapp: Fix a race that sometimes caused alerts or other notifications
     to be missed if they occurred while a page was loading.
   * webapp: Progess bar fixes for many types of special remotes.
   * Build debian package without using cabal, which writes to HOME.
     Closes: #[704205](http://bugs.debian.org/704205)
   * webapp: Run ssh server probes in a way that will work when the
     login shell is a monstrosity that should have died 25 years ago,
     such as csh.
   * New annex.largefiles setting, which configures which files
     `git annex add` and the assistant add to the annex.
   * assistant: Check small files into git directly.
   * Remotes can be configured to use other MAC algorithms than HMACSHA1
     to encrypt filenames.
     Thanks, guilhem for the patch.
   * git-annex-shell: Passes rsync --bwlimit options on rsync.
     Thanks, guilhem for the patch.
   * webapp: Added UI to delete repositories. Closes: #[689847](http://bugs.debian.org/689847)
   * Adjust built-in preferred content expressions to make most types
     of repositories want content that is only located on untrusted, dead,
     and unwanted repositories.
   * drop --auto: Fix bug that prevented dropping files from untrusted
     repositories.
   * assistant: Fix bug that could cause direct mode files to be unstaged
     from git.
   * Update working tree files fully atomically.
   * webapp: Improved transfer queue management.
   * init: Probe whether the filesystem supports fifos, and if not,
     disable ssh connection caching.
   * Use lower case hash directories for storing files on crippled filesystems,
     same as is already done for bare repositories."""]]