git-annex 8.20210428 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""  * New annex.private and remote.name.annex-private configs that can
    prevent storing information about a repository and remotes in the
    git-annex branch.
  * initremote: Added --private option to set up a private special remote.
  * importfeed: Made "checking known urls" phase run 12 times faster.
  * Added --debugfilter (and annex.debugfilter)
  * diffdriver: Support unlocked files.
  * forget: Preserve currently exported trees, avoiding problems with
    exporttree remotes in some unusual circumstances.
  * fsck: When downloading content from a remote, if the content is able
    to be verified during the transfer, skip checksumming it a second time.
  * directory: When cp supports reflinks, use it.
  * Avoid excess commits to the git-annex branch when stall detection is
    enabled.
  * git-annex-config: Allow setting annex.securehashesonly, which has
    otherwise been supported since 2019, but was missing from the list of
    allowed repo-global configs.
  * init: Fix a crash when the repo's was cloned from a repo that had an
    adjusted branch checked out, and the origin remote is not named "origin".
  * Fix some bugs that made git-annex not see recently recorded status
    information when configured with annex.alwayscommit=false.
  * When mincopies is set to a larger value than numcopies, make sure that
    mincopies is satisfied. Before, it assumed a sane configuration would
    have numcopies larger or equal to mincopies. It's still a good idea
    not to configure git-annex this way.
  * Avoid more than 1 gpg password prompt at the same time, which
    could happen occasionally before when concurrency is enabled.
  * Fix build with persistent-2.12.0.1"""]]