git-annex 10.20250925 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""  * Fix bug that made changes to a special remote sometimes be missed when
    importing a tree from it. After upgrading, any such missed changes
    will be included in the next tree imported from a special remote.
    Fixes reversion introduced in version 10.20230626.
  * Fix crash operating on filenames that are exactly 21 bytes long
    and begin with a utf-8 character.
  * Fix hang that could occur when using git-annex adjust on a branch with
    a number of files greater than annex.queuesize.
  * Fix bug that could cause an invalid utf-8 sequence to be used in a
    temporary filename when the input filename was valid utf-8.
  * Improve performance when used with a local git remote that has a
    large working tree.
  * drop: --fast support when dropping from a remote.
  * Added annex.assistant.allowunlocked config.
  * Add git-remote-p2p-annex and git-remote-tor-annex to standalone builds.
  * enableremote: Disallow using type= to attempt to change the type of an
    existing remote.
  * Add build warnings when git-annex is built without the OsPath
    build flag.
  * version: Report on whether it was built with the OsPath build flag.
  * Avoid leaking file descriptors to child processes started by git-annex
    in some situations. Note that when not built with the OsPath build
    flag, these leaks can still happen.
  * git-annex.cabal: Turn on the OsPath build flag by default.
  * p2phttp: Fix a hang that could occur when used with --directory,
    and a repository in the directory got removed.
  * Removed support for building with unmaintained cryptonite, use crypton."""]]