git-annex 6.20160619 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * get, drop: Add --batch and --json options.
   * testremote: Fix crash when testing a freshly made external special remote.
   * Remove unnecessary rpaths in the git-annex binary, but only when
     it's built using make, not cabal.
     This speeds up git-annex startup time by around 50%.
   * Speed up startup time by caching the refs that have been merged into
     the git-annex branch.
     This can speed up git-annex commands by as much as a second,
     depending on the number of remotes.
   * fsck: Fix a reversion in direct mode fsck of a file that is
     present when the location log thinks it is not. Reversion introduced
     in version 5.20151208.
   * uninit: Fix crash due to trying to write to deleted keys db.
     Reversion introduced by v6 mode support, affects v5 too.
   * Fix a similar crash when the webapp is used to delete a repository.
   * Support checking presence of content at a http url that redirects to
     a ftp url.
   * log: Added --all option.
   * New url for git-remote-gcrypt, now maintained by spwhitton.
   * webapp: Don't allow deleting a remote that has syncing disabled,
     as such a deletion will never finish.
     Thanks, Farhan Kathawala.
   * webapp: Escape unusual characters in ssh hostnames when generating
     mangled hostnames. This allows IPv6 addresses to be used on filesystems
     not supporting : in filenames.
   * Avoid any access to keys database in v5 mode repositories, which
     are not supposed to use that database.
   * Remove the EKG build flag, since Gentoo for some reason decided to
     enable this flag, depsite it not being intended for production use and
     so disabled by default."""]]