News for git-annex 7.20190912:

   This version of git-annex uses repository version 7 for all repositories.
   Existing v5 repositories will be automatically upgraded by default.
   You can prevent this, by runing: git config annex.autoupgraderepository false
   A v7 repository can can have some files locked while other files are
   unlocked, and all git and git-annex commands can be used on both locked and
   unlocked files. It's a good idea to make sure that all users of the
   repository have upgraded git-annex and upgraded their repositories
   to the new version before starting to use that feature, since old
   versions of git-annex will ignore the new unlocked files.
   The behavior of some commands changes in an upgraded repository:
   * `git add` will add files to the annex, rather than adding them directly
      to the git repository. To cause some files to be added directly
      to git, you can configure `annex.largefiles`. For example:
      git config annex.largefiles "largerthan=100kb and not (include=*.c or include=*.h)"
   * `git annex unlock` and `git annex lock` change how the pointer to
     the annexed content is stored in git. If you commit the change,
     that will impact all clones of the repository.

git-annex 7.20190912 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Default to v7 for new repositories.
   * Automatically upgrade v5 repositories to v7.
   * Automatically convert direct mode repositories to v7 with adjusted
     unlocked branches and set annex.thin.
   * Added annex.autoupgraderepository configuration that can be set to false
     to prevent any automatic repository upgrades.
   * Refuse to upgrade direct mode repositories when git is older than 2.22,
     which fixed a memory leak that could cause an OOM during the upgrade.
   * Removed support for git versions older than 2.1.
   * assistant: When creating a new repository, no longer use direct
     mode, instead use v7 adjusted branches with annex.thin.
   * init: When run on a crippled filesystem with --version=5,
     will error out, since version 7 is needed for adjusted unlocked branch.
   * direct: This command always errors out as direct mode is no longer
     supported.
   * indirect: This command has become a deprecated noop.
   * proxy: This command is deprecated because it was only needed in direct
     mode. (But it continues to work.)
   * info: Removed the "repository mode" from its output (including the
     --json output) since with the removal of direct mode, there is no
     repository mode.
   * info: When file matching options are specified when getting
     info of something other than a directory, they won't have any effect,
     so error out to avoid confusion.
   * info: Display trust level when getting info on a uuid, same as a remote.
   * When upgrading a direct mode repo to v7 with adjusted unlocked branches,
     fix a bug that prevented annex.thin from taking effect for the files
     in working tree.
   * Avoid making a commit when upgrading from direct mode to v7.
   * init: Catch more exceptions when testing locking.
   * init: Fix a reversion that broke initialization on systems that
     need to use pid locking.
   * A git-annex-standalone rpm is now distributed along with the standalone
     tarball.
   * Added standalone/rpm/rpmbuild-from-standalone-tarball script."""]]