git-annex 5.20140127 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * sync --content: New option that makes the content of annexed files be
     transferred. Similar to the assistant, this honors any configured
     preferred content expressions.
   * Remove --json option from commands not supporting it.
   * status: Support --json.
   * list: Fix specifying of files to list.
   * Allow --all to be mixed with matching options like --copies and --in
     (but not --include and --exclude).
   * numcopies: New command, sets global numcopies value that is seen by all
     clones of a repository.
   * The annex.numcopies git config setting is deprecated. Once the numcopies
     command is used to set the global number of copies, any annex.numcopies
     git configs will be ignored.
   * assistant: Make the prefs page set the global numcopies.
   * Add lackingcopies, approxlackingcopies, and unused to
     preferred content expressions.
   * Client, transfer, incremental backup, and archive repositories
     now want to get content that does not yet have enough copies.
   * Client, transfer, and source repositories now do not want to retain
     unused file contents.
   * assistant: Checks daily for unused file contents, and when possible
     moves them to a repository (such as a backup repository) that
     wants to retain them.
   * assistant: annex.expireunused can be configured to cause unused
     file contents to be deleted after some period of time.
   * webapp: Nudge user to see if they want to expire old unused file
     contents when a lot of them seem to be piling up in the repository.
   * repair: Check git version at run time.
   * assistant: Run the periodic git gc in batch mode.
   * added annex.secure-erase-command config option.
   * Optimise non-bare http remotes; no longer does a 404 to the wrong
     url every time before trying the right url. Needs annex-bare to be
     set to false, which is done when initially probing the uuid of a
     http remote.
   * webapp: After upgrading a git repository to git-annex, fix
     bug that made it temporarily not be synced with.
   * whereis: Support --all.
   * All commands that support --all also support a --key option,
     which limits them to acting on a single key."""]]