git-annex 6.20161012 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Optimisations to time it takes git-annex to walk working tree and find
     files to work on. Sped up by around 18%.
   * Optimisations to git-annex branch query and setting, avoiding repeated
     copies of the environment. Speeds up commands like
     "git-annex find --in remote" by over 50%.
   * Optimised git-annex branch log file timestamp parsing.
   * Add "total-size" field to --json-progress output.
   * Make --json-progress output be shown even when the size of a object
     is not known.
   * Multiple external special remote processes for the same remote will be
     started as needed when using -J. This should not beak any existing
     external special remotes, because running multiple git-annex commands
     at the same time could already start multiple processes for the same
     external special remotes.
   * Linux standalone: Include locale files in the bundle, and generate
     locale definition files for the locales in use when starting runshell.
     (Currently only done for utf-8 locales.)
   * Avoid using a lot of memory when large objects are present in the git
     repository and have to be checked to see if they are a pointed to an
     annexed file. Cases where such memory use could occur included, but
     were not limited to:
     - git commit -a of a large unlocked file (in v5 mode)
     - git-annex adjust when a large file was checked into git directly
   * When auto-upgrading a v3 remote, avoid upgrading to version 6,
     instead keep it at version 5.
   * Support using v3 repositories without upgrading them to v5.
   * sync: Fix bug in adjusted branch merging that could cause recently
     added files to be lost when updating the adjusted branch."""]]