git-annex 8.20200720 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * import: Added --no-content option, which avoids downloading files
     from a special remote. Currently only supported by the directory
     special remote.
   * Honor annex.largefiles when importing a tree from a special remote.
     (Except for when --no-content is used.)
   * Fix a deadlock that could occur after git-annex got an unlocked
     file, causing the command to hang indefinitely. Known to happen on
     vfat filesystems, possibly others.
   * Build with the http-client-restricted and git-lfs libraries when
     available, otherwise use the vendored copy as before.
   * testremote: Fix over-allocation of resources and bad caching,
     including starting up a large number of external special remote processes.
     (Regression introduced in version 8.20200501)
   * test: Fix some test cases that assumed git's default branch name.
   * importfeed: Added some additional --template variables:
     itempubyear, itempubmonth, itempubday, itempubhour,
     itempubminute, itempubsecond.
   * Made several special remotes support locking content on them,
     which allows dropping from other special remotes in some situations
     where it was not possible before. Supported special remotes:
     S3 (with versioning=yes), git-lfs, tahoe
   * Fix reversion that broke passing annex.* and remote.*.annex-*
     git configs with -c. (Since version 8.20200330.)
   * Bring back git-annex branch read cache. This speeds up some operations,
     eg git-annex sync --content --all gets 20% faster.
   * Fix a recently introduced bug that could cause a "fork: resource exhausted"
     after getting several thousand files.
   * Sped up the --all option by 2x to 16x by using git cat-file --buffer.
     Thanks to Lukey for finding this optimisation.
   * Sped up seeking for annexed files to operate on by a factor of nearly 2x.
   * Sped up sync --content by 2x and other commands like fsck --fast and
     whereis by around 50%, by using git cat-file --buffer.
   * importfeed: Made checking known urls step around 15% faster.
   * fsck: Detect if WORM keys contain a carriage return, and recommend
     upgrading the key. (git-annex could have maybe created such keys back
     in 2013).
   * When on an adjust --hide-missing branch, fix handling of files that
     have been deleted but the deletion is not yet staged."""]]