git-annex 6.20170321 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Bugfix: Passing a command a filename that does not exist sometimes
     did not display an error, when a path to a directory was also passed.
   * status: Propigate nonzero exit code from git status.
   * Linux standalone builds put the bundled ssh last in PATH,
     so any system ssh will be preferred over it.
   * assistant: Add 1/200th second delay between checking each file
     in the full transfer scan, to avoid using too much CPU.
   * get -J: Improve distribution of jobs amoung remotes when there are more
     jobs than remotes.
   * fsck -q: When a file has bad content, include the name of the file
     in the warning message.
   * Windows: Improve handling of shebang in external special remote
     program, searching for the program in the PATH.
   * Drop support for building with old versions of dns, http-conduit,
     directory, feed, and http-types.
   * Windows: Fix bug in shell script shebang lookup code that
     caused a "delayed read on closed handle" error.
   * git-annex-shell: Fix bug when used with a recently cloned repository,
     where "merging" messages were included in the output of configlist
     (and perhaps other commands) and caused a "Failed to get annex.uuid
     configuration" error.
   * Support GIT\_SSH and GIT\_SSH\_COMMAND, which are handled close the same
     as they are by git. However, unlike git, git-annex sometimes needs to
     pass the -n parameter when using these.
   * sync --content-of=path (-C path) added for when you want to sync
     only some files' contents, not the whole working tree."""]]