git-annex 5.20150727 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Fix bug that prevented uploads to remotes using new-style chunking
     from resuming after the last successfully uploaded chunk.
   * Switched option parsing to use optparse-applicative. This was a very large
     and invasive change, and may have caused some minor behavior changes to
     edge cases of option parsing. (For example, the metadata command no
     longer accepts the combination of --get and --set, which never actually
     worked.)
   * Bash completion file is now included in the git-annex source tree,
     and installed into Debian package (and any other packages built using make
     install). This bash completion is generated by the option parser, so it
     covers all commands, all options, and will never go out of date!
   * As well as tab completing "git-annex" commands, "git annex" will also tab
     complete. However, git's bash completion script needs a patch,
     which I've submitted, for this to work prefectly.
   * version --raw now works when run outside a git repository.
   * assistant --startdelay now works when run outside a git repository.
   * dead now accepts multiple --key options.
   * addurl now accepts --prefix and --suffix options to adjust the
     filenames used.
   * sync --content: Fix bug that caused files to be uploaded to eg,
     more archive remotes than wanted copies, only to later be dropped
     to satisfy the preferred content settings.
   * importfeed: Improve detection of known items whose url has changed,
     and avoid adding redundant files. Where before this only looked at
     permalinks in rss feeds, it now also looks at guids.
   * importfeed: Look at not only permalinks, but now also guids
     to identify previously downloaded files.
   * Webapp: Now features easy setup of git-annex repositories on gitlab.com.
   * Adjust debian build deps: The webapp can now build on arm64, s390x
     and hurd-i386. WebDAV support is also available on those architectures.
   * Debian package now maintained by Richard Hartmann.
   * Support building without persistent database on for systems that
     lack TH. This removes support for incremental fsck."""]]