git-annex 4.20130516 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Android: The webapp is ported and working.
   * Windows: There is a very rough Windows port. Do not trust it with
     important data.
   * git-annex-shell: Ensure that received files can be read. Files
     transferred from some Android devices may have very broken permissions
     as received.
   * direct mode: Direct mode commands now work on files staged in the index,
     they do not need to be committed to git.
   * Temporarily add an upper bound to the version of yesod that can be built
     with, since yesod 1.2 has a great many changes that will require extensive
     work on the webapp.
   * Disable building with the haskell threaded runtime when the assistant
     is not built. This may fix builds on s390x and sparc, which are failing
     to link -lHSrts\_thr
   * Avoid depending on regex-tdfa on mips, mipsel, and s390, where it fails
     to build.
   * direct: Fix a bug that could cause some files to be left in indirect mode.
   * When initializing a directory special remote with a relative path,
     the path is made absolute.
   * SHA: Add a runtime sanity check that sha commands output something
     that appears to be a real sha.
   * configure: Better checking that sha commands output in the desired format.
   * rsync special remotes: When sending from a crippled filesystem, use
     the destination's default file permissions, as the local ones can
     be arbitrarily broken. (Ie, ----rwxr-x for files on Android)
   * migrate: Detect if a file gets corrupted while it's being migrated.
   * Debian: Add a menu file."""]]