git-annex 4.20131101 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * The "git annex content" command is renamed to "git annex wanted".
   * New --want-get and --want-drop options which can be used to
     test preferred content settings.
     For example, "git annex find --in . --want-drop"
   * assistant: When autostarted, wait 5 seconds before running the startup
     scan, to avoid contending with the user's desktop login process.
   * webapp: When setting up a bare shared repository, enable non-fast-forward
     pushes.
   * sync: Show a hint about receive.denyNonFastForwards when a push fails.
   * directory, webdav: Fix bug introduced in version 4.20131002 that
     caused the chunkcount file to not be written. Work around repositories
     without such a file, so files can still be retreived from them.
   * assistant: Automatically repair damanged git repository, if it can
     be done without losing data.
   * assistant: Support repairing git remotes that are locally accessible
     (eg, on removable drives).
   * add: Fix reversion in 4.20130827 when adding unlocked files that have
     not yet been committed.
   * unannex: New, much slower, but more safe behavior: Copies files out of
     the annex. This avoids an unannex of one file breaking other files that
     link to the same content. Also, it means that the content
     remains in the annex using up space until cleaned up with
     "git annex unused".
     (The behavior of unannex --fast has not changed; it still hard links
     to content in the annex. --fast was not made the default because it is
     potentially unsafe; editing such a hard linked file can unexpectedly
     change content stored in the annex.)"""]]