git-annex 10.20220322 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""  * Directory special remotes with importtree=yes have changed to once more
    take inodes into account. This will cause extra work when importing
    from a directory on a FAT filesystem that changes inodes on every
    mount. To avoid that extra work, set ignoreinodes=yes when initializing
    a new directory special remote, or change the configuration of your
    existing remote:
      git-annex enableremote foo ignoreinodes=yes
  * add: Avoid unncessarily converting a newly unlocked file to be stored
    in git when it is not modified, even when annex.largefiles does not
    match it.
  * The above change to add fixes a reversion in version 10.20220222,
    where git-annex unlock followed by git-annex add, followed by git
    commit file could result in git thinking the file was modified
    after the commit.
  * Detect when an unlocked file whose content is not present has gotten
    some other content appended to it, and avoid treating it as a pointer
    file, so that appended content will not be checked into git, but will
    be annexed like any other file.
  * smudge: Warn when encountering a pointer file that has other content
    appended to it.
  * When annex.freezecontent-command is set, and the filesystem does not
    support removing write bits, avoid treating it as a crippled
    filesystem.
  * Run annex.thawcontent-command before deleting an object file,
    in case annex.freezecontent-command did something that would prevent
    deletion.
  * Fix propagation of nonzero exit status from git ls-files when a specified
    file does not exist, or a specified directory does not contain
    any files checked into git.
  * Fix build with aeson 2.0.
    Thanks, sternenseemann for the patch.
  * Avoid git-annex test being very slow when run from within the
    standalone linux tarball or OSX app.
  * test: Runs tests in parallel to speed up the test suite.
  * test: Added --jobs option.
  * Removed vendored copy of http-client-restricted, and removed the
    HttpClientRestricted build flag that avoided that dependency.
  * Removed the NetworkBSD build flag."""]]