In both the .git/annex directory and the git-annex branch, two levels of
hash directories are used, to avoid issues with too many files in one
directory.

Two separate hash methods are used. 

* hashdirmixed is only used for non-bare git repositories.
  (We'd like to stop using this, but it'd be too annoying to change
  all the git-annex symlinks!)

* hashdirlower is used for bare git repositories, the 
  git-annex branch, and on special remotes as well.

Note that `git annex find` and `git annex examinekey` can be used with
the `--format` option to find the hash directories. The explanation
below is only for completeness.

## new hash format

This uses two directories, each with a three-letter name, such as "f87/4d5"

The directory names come from the md5sum of the [[key|key_format]].

For example:

	echo -n	"SHA256E-s0--e3b0c44298fc1c149afbf4c8996fb92427ae41e4649b934ca495991b7852b855" | md5sum

## old hash format

This uses two directories, each with a two-letter name, such as "pX/1J"

It takes the md5sum of the key, but rather than a string, represents it as 4
32bit words. Only the first word is used. It is converted into a string by the
same mechanism that would be used to encode a normal md5sum value into a
string, but where that would normally encode the bits using the 16 characters
0-9a-f, this instead uses the 32 characters "0123456789zqjxkmvwgpfZQJXKMVWGPF".
The first 2 letters of the resulting string are the first directory, and the
second 2 are the second directory.
